{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Geneva;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f15\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Mincho{\*\falt ??};}{\f16\fnil\fcharset129\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Batang{\*\falt ??};}
{\f17\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}SimSun{\*\falt ??};}{\f18\fnil\fcharset136\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}PMingLiU{\*\falt ????};}{\f19\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Gothic{\*\falt ?????};}
{\f20\fmodern\fcharset129\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Dotum{\*\falt ??};}{\f21\fmodern\fcharset134\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}SimHei{\*\falt ??};}{\f22\fmodern\fcharset136\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MingLiU{\*\falt ???};}
{\f23\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Mincho{\*\falt ?? ??};}{\f24\froman\fcharset129\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Gulim{\*\falt ??};}
{\f25\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Gothic{\*\falt ?? ????};}{\f26\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Century;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}
{\f44\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f45\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f47\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f48\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f49\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f50\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f247\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f248\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f249\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f250\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f251\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f27\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 HTML Preformatted;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title The Project Gutenberg EBook of Corpus of a Siam Mosquito,}{\author Victoria}{\operator Victoria}
{\creatim\yr2003\mo11\dy5\hr16\min46}{\revtim\yr2003\mo11\dy5\hr16\min46}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages118}{\nofwords60762}{\nofchars346349}{\*\company Home}{\nofcharsws425340}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0{\*\template C:\\WINDOWS\\Application Data\\Microsoft\\Templates\\Normal.dot}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Title: Corpus of a Siam Mosquito
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Author: Steven Sills
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Release Date: February, 2004  [EBook #5176]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 [Yes, we are more than one year ahead of schedule]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 [This file was first posted on May 29, 2002]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Edition: 10
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Language: English
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Character set encoding: ASC\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 II
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK, CORPUS OF A SIAM MOSQUITO ***
\par }{\cf6 
\par }{
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 by Steven Sills.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                    Corpus of a Siam Mosquito
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                        --Steven Sills
\par 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "So he spoke, and the bright-eyed goddess, A\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thene, was pleased
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that she was the god he prayed to before all the others.  She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 put strength in his shoulders and knees, and set in his heart
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the daring of a mosquito, which, though constantly brushed away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from a man's skin, still insists on biting him fo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r the pleasure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of human blood."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --The Iliad
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   Homer
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                      Book I: Palaver
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                         Chapter 1
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      They, with their driver, went down Ramkhamhaeng Road singularly in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the scope of their thoughts but conditioned into r\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 epudiating their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aloneness. It was an early Bangkok morning with a new day tripping over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the corpse of the earlier one the way dogs on the Bangkok sidewalks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were walked on. It was early in the relationship of the two passengers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and this nascent association\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  contained the complex and awkward
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ambiguity of not being clearly professional or personal and he and his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 prostitute-model were tripping into each other. When she put her hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on his leg he would stiffen and both his legs would slightly slant away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from her\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  but when she removed her hand and kept it away from him for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 some minutes he would put it back there closer than ever to his thighs.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Even he had to admit his actions made no sense given the fact that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 flaunted her, and others like her, wherever he went; \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but it was part of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the game of being desired. Although he wasn't even conscious that such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a game was being played, she was fully cognizant of these subliminal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 calculative moves and how a woman was played.  She knew that she was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desiring him more as a conse\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 quence.  She also knew that being desired
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 required adhering to the rules of withdrawing from the neediness of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanting to be linked to a man and of transforming herself into the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 metamorphoses of self-contained fantasies that he would desire.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Despite T\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hai's reverence for royalty, the three of them went down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Ramkhamhaeng Road without even thinking about the king behind the name.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He, his whore, and perhaps the faceless one at the steering wheel as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 well, thought of themselves as a unit albeit an insignific\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ant one.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They had that sociable tendency to chat at each other to reduce the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 drone of one's solitary and melancholic thoughts but it was less the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 case with the pensive passenger, Nawin (formerly Jatupon) who,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Aristotelian and poised as a Garuda, was a surl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y contemplative despite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lordly debauchery.  Through being whirled in vicissitudes he felt that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he could withstand anything fate had to offer.  Unlike the others, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 did not need to escape his thoughts as much as a bull from a corral.}{\cf6 
\par }{\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Instead, he befriended\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  his morose tendencies.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Basking in the grandeur of his new stature, the back seat Nawin
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was dwelling on himself continually in the concern that his fame,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 isolated as it was, had not happened totally from the merit of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 work. He wondered how much the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  licentiousness of his life and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 salaciousness of the subject matter were the real color of what could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be marginal talents.  He wondered if he should change his subject
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 matter proving himself as an artist even if it reduced the virility he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 felt as a typ\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e of swarthy Thai sex symbol. How strange it was, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought to himself, that despite the fact that being dark was never an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 attractive trait in Thailand where the lighter, Chinese skinned Thais
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were thought to have more material success, sensuality, and be\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 auty, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who was not particularly handsome from being dark as a shoe's heel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 should be sexy from his wanton disposition.  Likewise, his thoughts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were dark in a land of frivolous irresponsibility. To Thai's the word
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "serious" had a negative connotation and h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e was that.  Unless one was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 monk, being contemplative was a tacit violation of laws in the Land of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Smiles.  He had become the rescuer of whores humanizing their sorry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 plight. Their only sins were to be born poor and to be loyal enough to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not pull out of \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the loose fetters of family obligations.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continued to remember shadowy figments of obscure rural relatives whom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they needed to feed. Still being a hero was burdening him with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 singular motif and he continually shot this thought through his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 neurologi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cal circuitry until the taxi driver spoke, parting his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thoughts like Moses and the Red Sea or Buddha sabotaging a bit of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 recycle factory of the human soul.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "My son flew into Chaing Mai recently. I've been wondering about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 airplanes ever since-just \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thinking about how things get off the ground.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Have you ever wondered that?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Ka," meaning yes, the woman in the backseat croaked like a crow.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "I'm trying not to question it.  Wondering such things would make me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scared that they don't stay up in the s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ky," she laughed.  Her name was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jarunee but her nickname was Porn. "This will be my first plane ride
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 soaring off with the birds."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Thais don't often fly," he said.  His idea was tinged with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bitter undertone as if poverty turned one's bones to lead a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nd he found
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that his idea put him back in the solitude of his thoughts for only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 silence ensued.  He decided to sound happier. "You sound excited."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It has been my dream."  She leaned her head against Nawin's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shoulder.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Flew off to Chaing Mai. He \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lost his job during the financial
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 meltdown of 96.  3000 baht.  That's what the family lived on each month
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for a good many years.  Then she was pregnant and laid off from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 restaurant and they stayed with us for five or six months. Of course
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they could ha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ve stayed longer.  After all, they are family."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, of course. You sound like a good father. I'm sure it will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 get better for everyone soon," responded Porn as she looked up at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 old face in the mirror hoping with softness to make the tenor of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 conversation gayer.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Krap," he said meaning yes although he wasn't in agreement. "No,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he continually got more depressed and then no matter how many job
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 interviews he went on, he came up empty handed.  Then she took their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 children to her parents. He ca\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me up there a bit later.  The in-laws had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him but didn't want him. He hadn't been trained at anything but working
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the factory.  He didn't know how to plant rice or maybe he was too
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 depressed to learn. It wouldn't seem there would be much to learn. You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 j\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ust put them into the ground. Anyhow, he was walking around in a daze
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all that time.  That's what she claimed they said about him. Soon he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 returned with us but before we knew it off he went to Chaing Mai.  I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 don't know why.  I got a post card from there.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It didn't say much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other than he had taken his first flight. Can you imagine just buying a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ticket, leaving, and not saying a word."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Ka, not really.  I can't imagine anybody doing that...unless he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 just didn't want to worry you.  Maybe he didn't want t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o worry you about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 if the idea was right or wrong financially.   I bet he has friends
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there and they'll help him to locate work."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, it is the best thing. I've been going to the temple to give
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 food to the monks and blessings will follow. I'm sure of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  that. I've
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 never gone on a flight. Where are the two of you going?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "To Montreal."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Where's that?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "To Canada."  She smiled but the word, favorable as it was, didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have the flavor of Paris or cities in America.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What will you do ther\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Nawin wondered what she would be doing there.  She had escorted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him around galleries, parties, and auditoriums where he gave speeches.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bangkok gossip columnists had sometimes even mentioned her presence
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with him.  What would she be doing in Montre\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 al while he attended
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 post-graduate classes?  That was a fundamental question he had no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 answer for. He had granted unto her a new profession where she didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have to spread her legs to anyone but him. He had rescued her from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stripping and whoring in a bar i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n Patpong but perhaps that would not be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 enough.  Nobody was content.  Like any animal, a human always yearned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for more.  They were trying to build up on themselves so that they were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 free of all discomfort.  A woman was more that way than even a man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 based o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n his judgments and to be left alone in an apartment in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 foreign country would be one major discomfort she would not tolerate.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He began to miss his wife:  she didn't need anything--not even sex with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him.  She was free to love other things than him--higher\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  things and he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was free to love higher things than her as well as the lower things
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like Porn.  It was for this reason that he loved her but he didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desire her so much except as an intellectual companion.  This one he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desired and that love certainly had m\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ore thrust than the former one.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 At least it appeared to be stronger.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2    The sky had tubes of light paint oozing out into the darkness and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the sky could not ascertain if it wanted a moon or a sun in its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 presence. The ride was just beginning and yet it was m\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 onotonous in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 darkness and the light of the street lamps that refracted glaringly.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The three of them still remained as little conscious of the moon or,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dependent on the limitation of their eyes, the corona of the moon, that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they happened to glimpse as a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ccompanying them on their early morning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 departure as they were of the monarch, Ramkhamhaeng, that was the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 source of the road's name. The taxi driver was near-sighted so to him,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as most things at a distance, the reality of it all was begotten as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 blur.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2    \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   The back-seated Nawin with the cigarette fuming and the legs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sprawled out and thumping to his portable CD player and his model or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whore with her hand again on one of his legs had their thoughts parted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 once more in the kinetic movements of linguistic moan\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What airline will you be flying out of?" asked the taxi driver.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Following patriarchal social etiquette he was addressing the man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instead of the girlfriend despite not liking the smoke.  The man was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more than a customer but a member of the more aff\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 luent class and this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 by Thai, although not Buddhist standards, was well revered.  How swift
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one's encroaching aloneness was purged and thwarted in the retreat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 engineered by the batons and water cannons of one's linguistic moans.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The whore, whose self-image\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  had been disparaged by the unconventional
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 positive endorsement of her activities by the wife, was grateful to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gain the parting of her thoughts from the driver's voice.  She was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pleased to be once again hearing anything--even the least little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 unenlightenin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g fact-about their trip.  She smiled.  After all, it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the land of smiles.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Thai" mumbled Nawin's voice from the back seat.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Domestic or international?" asked the taxi driver as if amnesia
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had wiped away a whole section of memory. Porn released\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  an alien
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chortle that made Nawin think that he was sitting on the back seat with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 some type of mythological, hybrid animal he was in the process of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 taking on an overseas journey.  How quickly she had gone from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seductress to a callow calf and kid.  He smile\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d at the man's ignorance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 without laughing. He felt that his girlfriend was ugly and noticed how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mutable the sight of anyone was: at one-time ugly and at another time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beautiful, at one-time virtuous and another point wicked, and at one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 point victim and anot\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her time slut.  It was not only the physical
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dimensions that could vary from moment to moment.  The perception of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whole being could change.   He moved himself to the window to get away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from her hand and feigned a curiosity with the world outside. He roll\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 down the window. At that moment they both had a similar jejune feeling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the repetition of old things and new things not fully connecting.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It was indescribable to them both.  Porn kept asking herself if she was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doing the right thing in forsaking her re\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sponsibilities with her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clients for the unknown of traveling with him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You look like you are car sick," said the driver.  "My son always
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 got that way even a kilometer down the road when he was a boy.  Matter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of fact that happens to him now--not quite\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  as bad, though.  I can't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 think how he survived the flight to Chaing Mai.  That I'll never know."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nawin, to show proper deference to an older man and to prove to himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that he wasn't churlish, looked toward the mirror and front windshield
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and gave the wh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ole frontal world a nod. The boy born of the name
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon was bleeding inside him.  His brain waves wiggled around like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 noodles.  He was no better than this man. They both had been born poor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with limited opportunities.  He couldn't laugh at him for any rea\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 son.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Are you going international or domestic," asked the driver of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 twenty-five year old.  Again there was a chortle.  "Why does that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 question seem to make her laugh," asked the taxi driver. "That is very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 strange.  That is a strange young lady."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "Krap," said Nawin gruffly, "I don't know why she is laughing."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "We are going international.  Eva Airlines. Eva Airlines, an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 international flight to Japan," reiterated Nawin. He kept it simple.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He didn't even want to think about Montreal.  The thought \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 accompanying an animal, of sorts, to the other side of the world was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 too much. No sooner had he said it than she reminded them both of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fact that she would be going to her home first.  Nawin had fallen into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his own pensive inclinations but unlike the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 m he wanted the completion
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of his thoughts.  He was scanning his mutating neurological circuitry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for a possible answer to the enigma whom he called his wife.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Noppawan's flippant comment that the stoplight wouldn't get any greener
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as she smiled and shut the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  door on him and his whore troubled or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inveigled him.  One's driveway wasn't exactly equipped with a stoplight
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 so that one sentence bordered on sarcasm.  Her placid demeanor was like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 plastic and how she behaved belied everything so how was he to know if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e was discontent with this arrangement if not jealous of it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      It was the first time that he would be leaving her to travel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 abroad.  He had offered to delay the trip by a week or two until she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had submitted her grades at Assumption University, which Tha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is called
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A-back.  Maybe having his Porn stay over at their house the previous
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 night was disrespectful to his wife but nice or offensive behavior was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 based upon one's guesswork on how society would interpret such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 situations and unique situations like this \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were all the more impossible
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to judge.  His wife was definitely different.  That was for sure; but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she was still a woman down deep even if she denied it just as his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 American passport and name-change made him abstain from bits of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself.  A woman had insti\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ncts at suspecting a man's activities.  A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 woman had jealous rages and seductive lures that had a chance of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 keeping a man with her: genetic programming from hundreds or thousands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of female ancestors who had experienced the promiscuity of husbands and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fraid that they and their children would not be properly taken
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 care of. But there was certainly no chance of children.  She slept with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him a few times as husband and wife in a motion of fulfilled and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 completed consummation never to be repeated.   Then she \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 went in to get
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 herself sterilized.  Why she needed to do both was unclear.  She was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mystery and steadfast in committing herself to that vow they had made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to each other when they were 14 or 15 years old to not live petty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lives. Such was the gray in the gr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ay matter that enveloped them.  Life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with Noppawan had the insatiability of an itch to a mosquito's bite and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 contained the same pleasurable discomfort.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Taking a trip to Japan" thought the taxi driver sarcastically.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He wasn't certain how anyone could \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 afford to go there.  He was stuck to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the boundaries of the car and he resented it; although from it, despite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 its limitations, he was always introduced to people so different than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he was.  They were the favored ones whose ideas were not curtailed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 traffic\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  jams exacerbated by infuriatingly influential traffic lights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and accidents.  Traffic accidents were such chaos because smashed cars
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could not be moved until insurance agents came to the scene to make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their reports.  Traffic policemen, who could easily be \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bribed, were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 never to be trusted.  The favored people did not have everyday to roam
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the streets like homeless but highly mobile mendicants, their every
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 movement enslaved and dictated by the pronouncement of street names
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 called out from the back seat. "Do y\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oung people like you have money to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 go off wherever you wish?" The words pierced out of one who was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pierced.  The ache tore open like a tenuous newly heeled scar with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 blade coming up to slit others.  He knew that he had behaved contrary
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to social instin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ct but he hadn't been able to stop himself.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Don't you know who this is?" asked the whore with arrogant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vehemence.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The taxi driver looked in the rear view mirror at the brown-faced
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nawin or Jatupon and asked, "No, should I know you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No you\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  shouldn't.  Neither one of us should know the other one.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Just drive!" said Nawin although again he winced from his darker alter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ego that only became him when he uttered its thoughts.  He wasn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 totally devoid of societal programming of right and wrong no \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 matter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what he claimed to Noppawan.  Being respectful to one's elders and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 giving the prayerful gesture of the "wei" (pronounced as "why") to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one's superiors did exist in him at certain times. He would always
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stand up for the tribute paid to the king prior \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to a movie although
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that was more from the idea of not offending the sensibilities of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 others around him or, less altruistically, getting himself possibly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thrown out of the movie theatre. Furthermore, the Jatupon who had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brought cups of ice to customers whe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n he was a boy, the uneducated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slave who had found himself spun up in noodles of sidewalk restaurants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 until he was 15, often began to stretch like a 26 year old fetus locked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 up in a heavily fortified placenta.  He would feel how disparaged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon often fe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lt.  He would feel guilt when he disparaged others that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seeped into his veins while ghosts of yesteryear suddenly vexed him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 making him feel numb and cold inside.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He too wanted to stop thinking and he wished that his thoughts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could be intruded with con\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 versation.  "I just mean that I'm nobody
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 important.  I paint a little.  I'm going to Montreal for that reason."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The taxi driver was reticent.  "Do you have many hours left driving
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 today?" Nawin asked him.  Still there was no answer.  He threw the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cigarette\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  out of the opened window.  "Do you want a stick of gum," he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 asked the girl.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "I have a tick tack in my mouth now but I'll take your gum and save
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it for later.  You might not offer it again."  She giggled and he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smiled at her with the tightness of his c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 losed lips. She had lost her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 animal, and there she was as his seductress.  He kissed her and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 returned the headphones over his ears. The savory taste of her mouth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was in him.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                            Chapter 2
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2         The acceleration t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hat took them out of Huamark and through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other adjacent sections of the city eventually led them to her area.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He did not remember the name of it:  Bangkae, Bangplad, Bang-something.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He paid little attention to what his mistress said.  Her voice often
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seem\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed the strident spluttering of burning fuel in an engine that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 couldn't produce motion. King Ramkhamhaeng was a bygone entity.  As
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 soon as his model picked up some of her things that she had forgotten
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to bring with her the previous day and they had some bre\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 akfast, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thailand would be a thing of the past too.  For how long he didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know.  He was married but it was one signature on many sheets of paper.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The significance of spilled ink could not be read unless, like many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 superstitious Thais, he were to seek\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a fortuneteller-mendicant sitting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on a sheet or straw mat on a sidewalk or in a park.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Noppawan had her chance to go with him.  He had asked repeatedly.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He had tacitly exhorted (mostly with his eyes) but she had refused
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him.  Maybe she needed him to\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  command her presence.  Maybe in this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nebulousness of strong selfishness and altruism called a personal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 relationship, so immediate and personal like finding oneself enveloped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in smoking and fiery dust, she needed constant reminders that he cared
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about her \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more than any other entity selfishly and altruistically. That
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would be the woman in her if there were such a woman.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He tried to contemplate what love was like for normal people.  It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was surely a dust storm one invented in one's mind to escape loneline\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ss
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but then it became intertwined in more neediness and consciousness of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the other's feelings and thoughts so as not to be vanquished to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aloneness.   An individual who was able to overcome the grief of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 loss of dopamine in the ephemeral and moribund hig\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 h of being in love
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would cling to his former pleasure-inducer as a source of meaning in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 life's vicissitudes.  He and Noppawan had done the same but they were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 less like individuals finding themselves separately cast onto lifeboats
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in an ocean of random wave\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s for they found oceans of thoughts within
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 themselves that seemed more navigable to solid chunks of reality.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 needed each other less; or so he thought.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Thai women generally had obsequious crying bouts in their rafts,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but Noppawan, he argued, was\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  not a woman.  She was female without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 womanity.  She was a female who advocated overcoming petty human
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 existence for a love of ideals, compassion, and the attempts at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 understanding the human predicament.    He couldn't see into the future
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to know if he wou\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ld be returning to Thailand anytime soon to be peered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at through his wife's thick dark framed glasses.  At present there were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 only the wills of three individuals cowardly seeking meaning for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 themselves in a unit.  There were only these socialized wills rol\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 along on a road in marginal darkness under the specious assumption that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there really was a destination.  The sensory input of traditional Thai
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 music was coming to them from the front and back speakers of the car
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that was their confinement.  The radio \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 music, no matter if interpreted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as harmonious or strident by the three individuals, was a levee helping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to block their pervasive inundation of self-absorbing, mordant thoughts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and reminded them (the patriot and the pending expatriates) of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 commonality\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  as Thais.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       They passed a mall where he and Porn had gone shopping a month
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 earlier.  That day they had spent together there was the levity of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stroll and the shiny flash of credit cards in this Thai way of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forgetting one's impoverished roots. Feeli\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng on top of the world, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 comported the male gesture of having one arm clutching the other one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 behind his back.  It was a gesture of affluence in the stroll of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shopper's quest.  At least twice when he encountered friends of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from Silpakorn Art Univ\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ersity with bags in their hands he would talk to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them for a half hour and somewhere into the talk he used another male
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gesture of affluence.  He would slip a foot from a sandal and then slap
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it onto the floor loud as a firecracker.  The sandal would hit th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 floor like a hand slapping against an impoverished peasant.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       They stopped in an alley smaller than a side street called a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "soi." It was in between many Mom and Pop businesses and there, crowded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 within, was her apartment.  He knew rooms like this wel\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 l.  They were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rented out for fifteen or twenty dollars a month (600 or 700 baht),
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 barren, hot, and unventilated as an attic. When she had gone in to get
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her bags he felt less lonely to be momentarily rid of her.  Even now at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 age 26 but with thoughts at cer\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tain moments suffering and dragging like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a man of 50, there was just himself, the real unit of one, and delude
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself all he pleased he knew that he could not find anyone more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 significant than that.   The only thing next to his heart, in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pocket of his\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  shirt, were the slides of his art depicting the naked and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dejected whores of Patpong that had ejaculated him into fame and puffed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 up a latent ego in himself that thought that he was a higher being than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other Thais.  He was keeping them there that day beca\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 use he wanted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 momentarily hand them over to airport authorities so they would not be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 harmed in airport security.   When she returned with an added bag that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the taxi driver plunked into the trunk the two men smiled at her and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she smiled back.  After all,\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Thailand was the land of smiles and every
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 infant understood the advantages of smiling.  To bypass his surly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 temperament and increase friendly relations, Nawin offered more breath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fresheners or chewing gum for everyone.  No Thai would refuse such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 friendly \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gestures and the two of them took from his hand greedily like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tamed birds.  Then he began his old contemplation of why 2 was greater
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 than 1 or why 3 was greater than 2.  It was an old argument of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wife.  The first time she posed it to him they both were\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  16 years old.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He had made the mistake of asking her to a dance.  "Why do two things
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 coming in close proximity to each other have greater value?"  she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 asked.  His only response had been "A le nah?" meaning "What did you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 say?"  Neither one of them went to t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he dance but straight to their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bedrooms and their sullen thoughts.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Porn was, according to his thinking, an "all right whore."  She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 didn't cause him any problems at all and it was for this reason that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 carried her along with him as a personification \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of his intellectual
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 decadence thereby increasing public intrigue with him.  She was the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pretty doll he could swing about as a reminder of his one-man school of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 art.   He, Nawin Biadklang, could flaunt her around as the premier
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 example of the dark vision in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  his mind and the sexual slavery of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nation all meshed together.  He would have to draw a lot in Montreal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and sell everything he painted to pay for any expenses the scholarship
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would not cover.  She preferred her title of model.  He was not so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 heartless\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  to deny her this euphemism.  She successfully relieved him of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the tension of his body and to be emitted of it like a squeezed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tangerine in such a good rhythmic fingering would well compensate for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the stress level of having to spend so much time with her. \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He desired
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her a lot of the time so by most accounts of love he did truly love
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her.  Foremost, Noppawan did not object to her.  Matter of fact, she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanted Porn to relieve him.  She wanted him squeezed.  She wanted the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pus squished from his brain without h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aving to get dirty.  She wanted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continuously wear the glasses that caged her tepid orbs and to not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 succumb them to rapturous non-Buddhist primal yearnings.  She did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 care to dodge the aloneness of her thoughts through a rapturous
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 delusion that she wa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s one partial being made whole in sex and love.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And yet by her account she did not want to mandate his awareness.  It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was only by tripping on shadows and feeling vapid equanimity that came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 after having absurdly given oneself over so entirely to the sensati\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of pulling on one's genitalia that a man actually knew anything.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       This whore was and was not his typical whorehouse girl.  On the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 day of their first meeting he had been sketching runners and trees at a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stadium near Assumption University where his w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ife taught.  His head was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 resting in a fog until she materialized. There she was casting a shadow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 onto the sun that was sedating him and wrapping him into himself in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sleep.  There she was questioning him on his art and pointing out her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mommy, a skinny and \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 frail thing, sitting on the other set of bleachers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He found out that she was a dancer.  There was no surprise there. Her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 flirtatious gestures and the presence of her frail mommy looking over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at them and hoping the purchase would take place were tacit but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 undeniable clues that she was poor and wanted a male companion.  That
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was no surprise either.  Yet beyond this calculated small talk or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 artifice was an ingenuous mouth that glistened in guileless desire. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was a money girl.  That was obvious, and yet th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ere was more.  There was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 infatuation and an accompanying mommy who was like an SOS. Porn was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whore, but if he hadn't been married, she could have been more.  Except
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for Noppawan, who was a flagrant novelty, he couldn't quite decipher
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 how whores and wives\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  were all that different.  Both baited the man for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the fecundity of prosperity and progeny.  It was a survival response
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that was selfish in base primeval instincts.  It was human and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beautiful.  It was filled with womanity.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2          She turned up the volu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me on her tape recorder and repeated,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Excusez-moi; au revoir; oui; toilletes; papier hygienique."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2          "Was that the main reason for coming to your apartment: for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the tape recorder?" he asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2         She turned off the machine without the least conce\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rn about a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 distraction deferring her scholarship. "Oui," she said, "but also my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 favorite blouse, jeans, a necklace-see, isn't it beautiful--lots of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 things.  A tape recorder is rather important, I think. You don't want
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me to be unable to talk."  He nodded h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is head as he frowned wishing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that she couldn't speak at all.  She would have been all the more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beautiful mute and deaf.  He had proposed getting up early initially to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 compensate for his slow, pokey movements but not as early as this and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he resented having\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  lost sleep for such knicknacks.  He didn't feel that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he should be subject to listening to her palaver in Canada. His nod was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that of acquiescence the way the King Ramas had agreed with planned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 activities of the imperialists to divert their attention.  He,\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  however,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was trying to divert a headache. He looked at the booklet that was on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her lap.  She was unsuccessfully trying to imitate a product published
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in Thailand as he had guessed a minute earlier from the fact that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 speaker on the tape sounded Thai.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It was the blind leading the blind,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he thought.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "You do know some English, don't you?" he asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No," she said.  He could imagine the palaver she would be saying
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on the streets of Montreal and he yearned for his wife, Noppawan.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 got the taxi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  driver to turn right and park on the side of a street.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His eyes were fixed on a barren serenity of gravel and weeds that was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the vicinity of a pier.  The sun was now rising fully and aided by a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 golden roofed temple on the other side of the river, there\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 silvery and golden glaze in the waters camouflaging the sooty sediments
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that were diluted within.  He wanted to go to the gravel and eat along
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the side of begging dogs of which the bodies were deflating like tires.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He wanted to sit at one of the re\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d metallic tables on a plastic stool
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 among a group of saffron robed monks, with the scents of rice or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 noodles penetrating his nostrils.  He had to smile that such an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aversion as twenty baht meals still called to him pleasantly because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they were the foundat\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ion of memories that constituted his verdant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 youth.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What are we doing?" she asked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "We're eating," he said.  "Come on, it will be fun to act like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 common people," he chuckled.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Common. I know common. Common is having a treat of eating fried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nsects on the dirt road, Nawin.  Common is sleeping on a rug because
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you don't have a bed.  Common is praying for the opportunity of having
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one's sandals fall apart or getting them trapped deep into the soil of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the rice field so as to have an excuse to get\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  out of the hamlet.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Occasionally we paid an arm and a leg to the owner of a truck who came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 once a day ten miles down a muddy road to pick people up. Common,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nawin, is collecting rain water in those big ceramic tubs that sit in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 front of the house, being sti\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ngy with every drop of water when you wash
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your body, and then go to bed exhausted without even eating dinner.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Common is getting up at 5 a.m. to feed the water buffalo so that at 6
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a.m. your father can use it to plow the field.  You don't know anything
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 abo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ut the word."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He did know.  He bled from knowledge but he frowned and for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moment he was taciturn fighting back anger and memories.  "Well, do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whatever you damn well please.  I need out of this car and that is what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I'm doing.  You can feast on what r\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 emains of the breath fresheners.  I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for one am dining out.  I'll be back in ten minutes."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "When do we need to get on the plane?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "There's plenty of time," he said.  "Plenty of time to eat another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 meal in the airport before departing. You'll get a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  high price western
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 meal at the airport.  I guarantee it."  He left the taxi and sat down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 meditating on the river flowing at a distance.  Soon the anger
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dissolved and his memories were imprisoned.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2        The idea of paying on a taxi where the meter continu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed to rise
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 without his presence enthralled him.  Having lots of money was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 novelty and flaunting this novelty to patrician and plebian,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 proletariat and CEO alike still engrossed him.  Thais were culturally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 programmed to give the "wei" to the Buddha and th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e monk but in their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hearts that steamed with greed as they cooked their food on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 streets, sold their trinkets from their sheets, worked in office jobs,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were government officers, part of an educated middle class, and a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 million other activities, classific\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ations, and identities, this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 traditional greeting with the folded hands in front of the face was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 deeply given in the secret regions of subconscious ideas for those whom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they thought of as rich.  And as he ate his pork laden noodle soup
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 while the meter tick\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed on he picked out the pork to feed the dogs; but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in so doing he glimpsed someone.  Past the gravel were sidewalks and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stores and further was a department store.  Next to it, beyond the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gaunt old woman on the sheet selling and squeezing rubber duckies in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the hope of selling a few and having money to eat, a man clanging bells
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with handless hooks above his cup, shoe repairmen fixing soles, a kiosk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of a key maker, and a blind mendicant with a speaker and a microphone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 singing a strident folk tune, was someone.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   It was a person who turned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him to stone, froze him like an iceberg, mortified him, and pulled out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his wounded child.  It was a strange composite: at one moment appearing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a bit like his brother, Kazem, and at one moment like the youngest of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his elder brot\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hers, Suthep.  For a second or two as he saw this cook at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a distance, he couldn't remember the name of Suthep-he who had been so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 innocuous but in his apathy had harmed him the most.  Ten or eleven
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 years had gone by.  He wondered how he was supposed to know\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  anymore:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was this man one or the other or neither of them.  Another blind beggar
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 began to sing a song in a microphone linked to a portable speaker.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was being led by his wife.  They came to his table singing a louder
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 song more stridently than the one h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e heard at a distance.  The sun was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 feeling hot and it made him dizzy and mad as Akhenaten in Ancient
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Egypt.  Nawin, the legal alias of Jatupon, was feeling a weight death.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His whole ideas and feelings were discombobulated.  He took out twenty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 baht wedging\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  it under the canister containing vinegar and peppers.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 walked quickly to the car and cowered himself in the back seat in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 movement toward the airport.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                         Book II:  Many Lifetimes Ago
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                        \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                  Chapter 3
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Their parents were dead; the cremation ceremony was over, and life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 went on: he internally recited, swallowed his whispered whit of air,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and regurgitated the aphorism.  Its cold, laconic and impersonal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 meani\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng was assumed an efficacy to change on this propelling Earth like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the odious taste of medicine and so he could not fail to believe that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it was true since there was nothing to his knowledge to replace it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with.  The present moment ravished and trashed all f\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ormer beings and,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like a mountebank, sold its new products as the true goods. To Jatupon,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the youngest, there was a vermilion color to the day.  It was no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wonder. The present had come upon him as inconspicuously as the gait of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the monk's orange robe in the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  subtle movements that philosopher made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 during their time of mourning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Carrying suitcases and bags with his brothers and a woman of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Chinese complexion, he sensed the rapacious discord of Bangkok--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 virulent and paralyzing as ennui for the rich and serv\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 itude for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 poor--and so he lagged behind them.  There had been a time that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would have sniffed at this new city like one of the myriad crazed but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gently starving dogs (after all, in certain areas of the streets,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pheromones and urinary molecules domina\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ted over the odors of car
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 exhausts) but, as he guessed, Bangkok was always more tempting from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 afar. Even though he had repined for a more promised land he did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 expect that even if he were to live somewhere in "Euro-American
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bangkok" (Banglampool, Silom,\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  and Sukumvit roads with their seven day a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 week travelers check cashing windows) his life would be any different
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 than his situation at present; nor would it be any worse than his life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in Ayutthaya unless he were to starve.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Still, he felt apprehension\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ; and like a restive boy he slowly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dragged his suitcases. He imagined remote Hill Tribe villages on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sidewalks and himself taking his suitcases through the bedrooms of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 naked girls as if, like one of the kings of the Chakri dynasty with his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 many wives, h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e were to declare to them "Honeys, I'm home." The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dreaminess belied a gloom.  If Jatupon were to think of one positive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 trait about himself that late afternoon he might have thought that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ejaculation of his semen, which he conducted alone, disgorged extr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 emely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 far-- so far he had sunk into a shaky gray within himself that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 couldn't see outside of any void unless it had a rope attached to it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Even the fetid air intimidated him.  He felt intellectually obtuse.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was like a dog carried by an owner (a woma\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n in a skirt, riding side
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 saddle on a motorcycle) that squealed its head off when the motorcycle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 skid and floundered onto one side.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Staring down as his brothers, his owners, pulled the invisible
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 leash, he knew that they condemned him, the laggard; and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  nominally,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that condemnation made him feel compelled to look down more often than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he would have done otherwise. Still, when they crossed over to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 another sidewalk bustling with pedestrians he was forced to look up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 since he was inadvertently bowling his sui\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tcases against the pins of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 strangers.  In so doing, he noticed a store windowsill besieged by an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 orderly society of ants.  He was beginning to acknowledge that Buddhist
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 principles were curtailed by reality: a few ants allowed to live with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 human became a \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hundred easily; multiplying mosquitoes brought disease
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and pain, and one's immune system killed bacteria, viruses, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 protozoa because murder was stamped into the natural order that no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 human will could bypass.  And yet this demonstrated that the Earth,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rself, was alive and full of creative potential.  It was this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mesmerizing dynamism that most lured his eyes.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The city was fetid as his older brother's shoes in the back of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 girl friend's car (the car that had brought them here); and yet its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 billboa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rds and tall buildings were opulent.  He imagined them glazed in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 morbidly saffron or vermilion dust the color of a monk's robe and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 color of blood and death. All the pedestrians were individually and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rapaciously galvanized but banging against each other\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  less
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 systematically than the ants.  They were ebullient like the bouncing of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hair on a schoolgirl's back since most of them were shoppers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The brothers and the Chinese Thai woman passed another street.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Near it was the edge of a small park with one bl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ended shadow of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fronds of palm trees spread out among a patch of grass and providing a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 visual respite from traffic exhaust and pavement that seemed to define
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the city.  Here he was slithering about like a snake acclimating to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 both a foreign environment\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  and the alien skin that he was now wearing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 These three weeks had made him unreal.  His parents had ridden in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 car alone; there was the car accident; then a cremation and the selling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of property; the drive from Ayutthaya; the night at someone's house i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 some type of a fever or hallucination; mosquito bites under a net; and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself turning into some type of caricature in a comic book or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cartoon.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Whereas many other boys had books and knowledge he had his comics.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He didn't know anything about the tech\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 niques of art although he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thumbed through some pictures from a book at a library in Ayutthaya. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had never even been exposed to algebra or other intellectual exercises
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that brought one in touch (so to speak) with abstract realities. He had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 heard of th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e Internet and assumed it was the brand name of a certain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 computer but wished to know for sure. He knew that his poverty created
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his ignorance and felt his ignorance made him stupid. For him there was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nothing but day to day living twisting about like a noo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dle fried in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 juice of itself under the hot Thailand sun.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      There was a secondary trait about him that despite his bleakly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gray and vermilion self-deprecation he was pleased that he possessed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His 14 years of life had provided him with at least enoug\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 h acclimating
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instinct or reflexes that, as they crossed the road, zigzagging through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stalled traffic, his feet and ears performed a specific cautionary
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 duality of quickness in speed and breaks.  This allowed him to retreat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from motorcycles without headlig\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hts that were swerving around multiple
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lanes of cars.  Even within Ayutthaya, which was conspicuously absent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of operable traffic lights, he had never had an accident. There was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that time that he had flown off of a motorcycle taxi and over a vendor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who had \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been wheeling his cart when the motorcycle had run into his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 toasted buns glazed in feces-tinted Ovaltine, but that was a different
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 type of incident altogether.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Across the street culinary workers of the sidewalk poured soup and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scooped rice dishes into\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  plastic bags sealed with rubber bands or put
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the plates of food on metallic tables. So many city residents (all of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whom lived in apartments) did not possess kitchens from some law or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 another. This, he supposed, was good. It had provided he and his family
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with an existence.  It did the same for them. One worker who rested on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a red stool enthralled him.  Without any specific gestures or words
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sent to him, he nonetheless felt her listlessness and knew her anguish.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He knew the 4000 baht that many indigent sou\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ls received.  It was their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 permit to live; and to get this permit to ride in life they had to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 harness and ensnare the creative force that had conceived them and were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them, and then allow themselves to be subservient seven days a week in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their robotic roles\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  of reflexes.  He saw another one wring out a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 washcloth and clean another table.  He could imagine her travail just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as he understood the travail of those around him on overpasses: the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 emaciated elderly with cups in their hands seemed to cluster on and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 unde\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r every pedestrian overpass.  To be homeless, he thought, would be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more horrific than the moments at one's death: a travail of being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 worthless and lost, where dangling blue from a rope inveigled the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 imagination that could not fathom a means to get 6000 bah\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t and pull
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oneself off of a park bench. He felt: "I have been where you are with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hair net on my head, many late nights splintered on a wooden stool, or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 placid on a red plastic stool, strength thwarted, and with angular
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 crowds stumbling over me."  Almost \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 without thinking it, he felt the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 horror as he struggled for words; and since he did not have his journal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with him, he tried to memorize the feeling.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He remembered those years of nights in Ayutthaya when his work had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ended and he was free of the vendin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g cart, and embraced within the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 black smog of busses.  Then there was a reprieve from the gaseous smoke
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of cooked food (grilled pork and chicken) trapped between canopy roofs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and sidewalk. His reprieve and liberation was only in comics borrowed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from a news\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stand. It was a personal life--a bit of himself in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vicarious existence.  The words under the pictures would often zoom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 across the interior of his skull in his drowsiness like cars on a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 speedway and he would not comprehend anything much before falling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 asl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eep at one of the tables.  In sleep he would not exist.  Cartoon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 images would run amuck.  His pent up needs would flow in action and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 adventure although his likeness would not be in the dreams.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      If thought were a product made from the raw material of fe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eling,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he felt more than thought: "Your reflexive and monotonous perfunctory
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 days and nights are gloomy in starlessness. Face draped on the backs of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your hands folded on the table, you almost look as if you are making
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the gesture of 'wei' or praying to Bud\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dha." He remembered that seconds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 before he was in those minutes of sleep, at the end of the work nights,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he prayed for a way out or that community and connectedness could be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gained within his limited life.  He walked by the stranger. He walked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 past twenty \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 others. With his eyes he bestowed onto them blessings.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He continued to follow his brothers through perennial steps and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time and swayed alone as lifeless as wet laundry hanging on balconies
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 during the dry season. The fetid one slammed him with poignant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 expletives to which the second eldest smiled and nodded his head.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Suthep, however, had childish sensitivities of his own that life had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not yet hacked from him but when Jatupon quickened his pace to walk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 near him Suthep looked over toward him with silent r\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 age.  Jatupon just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 turned away and sucked in his bottom lip. It was true that weeks had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 passed since the death of their parents and it was so that life went
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on--that it was quickly manufactured and quickly hit the dust bin like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 any worn out or broken commo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dity; but, he argued to himself, an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 admission of their own pain and a kind smile would have helped to keep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his boyhood suppressed and his manhood poised.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon was still nonplused. The present was an undercurrent in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his inundating thoughts.  His vis\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ion was often cracked and misted in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 suppressed tears and his eyes burned from his sweat seeping into them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He felt disoriented and although it was apparent, it didn't seem to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 evoke sympathy. In virtually his first words that day he hoarsely spoke
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 incommuni\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cably, cleared his throat, and then yelled over to Kazem, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 second eldest, that he needed to go to the bathroom.  Kazem stopped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 walking and told the youngest, Jatupon (to whom he nicknamed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Jatuporn"), to hold his water until they were "home."  The word \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "home"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 did not make any impression on the youngest who was now wondering if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they would be spending the rest of their lives walking in this fashion.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                    He felt that they were sinking in an abyss of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 negative probabilities.  Concerning the pej\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 orative comment about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 holding his water, it was no worse than being called "Jatuporn."  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was used to it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      A facial muscle below Kazem's left eye began to twitch immediately
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 before they again started walking. Conscious of Kazem's disposition,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 became less disconcerted and more guarded, hurrying but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 maintaining a consistent space between himself and his brothers.  How
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 strange, Jatupon thought, that the fetid one did not have the same
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 physical antagonism: it was strictly mental as if the thought o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 youngest was so repugnant as to be beyond a physical response. He began
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to stumble with the bags until Kumpee's girlfriend stopped their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 advancement to help him carry some of his load.  Her smile was wide
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against her pale pigment; and her Chinese com\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 plexion looked at odds to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kumpee, the oldest and darkest of the fraternal misadventurers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon was jealous of her relationship with the fetid one but this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gesture of pulling away from his brothers to take one of his bags
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ameliorated any negativity that \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the appearance had not counteracted.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The journey from the parking garage and down through the hectic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whims of Bangkok traffic seemed inordinately long to him and silently
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he objected to being led this way forfeiting friends and consistency he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had alw\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ays known in Ayuttaya. The sidewalk and road went over a canal.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A woman with baskets of fruit dangling from the ends of a bamboo pole
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that was on her shoulders must have made Kumpee's girlfriend hungry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 since no sooner was she back with her beau than the ex\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 igency of eating
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had driven the herd to seek a bowl of tom yam soup with noodles.  Under
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the canvas, eating and sinking morbidly into himself as he looked out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 over the cabin-shacks that were along the canal, he listened to Kumpee
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and Kazem.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You're th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e one who wanted to move here and so I said, 'Yes,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 little brother.  Let me fulfill your wishes and needs.  It is my duty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as an elder brother."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "I never said that."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You were always saying that."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Back up.  That was before the accident and i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t was just talk."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Man, you did not make any objections. We sold off their things
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and there wasn't one objection from any of you."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I didn't know then that you would be pocketing the money."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "In other words, you wanted to move over here and \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 now that we are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 over here you are raising objections as if now we should just get back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into the car and go back.  That is crazy."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I was in a daze. I admit it.  I let you lead us around.  We don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 even know anyone here."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "That isn't entirely true\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ; but even if it turns out that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doesn't help us any at least we are in a large city where there are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more opportunities than working in restaurants like this one."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      " I want that money-or a share of it at anyway."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "For what?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "So that I won\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 't have to beg for a bowl of soup in places like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this-so that if you and Natenapa take off somewhere" (Kumpee's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 girlfriend, who was listening to them, now looked away and reached for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the pitcher of water that was at the table) "that the money doesn't go
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 th you."  She poured water into her glass, sipped it once, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 reached into her purse for her makeup.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It is Thai tradition that the eldest brother is supposed to keep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the inheritance for the younger ones.  If you question that you don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have any sens\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e of right and wrong. If you have a problem with that you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have a problem with the way things are and have always been.  But even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 if I were to run away tomorrow you wouldn't have lost much.  None of it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was worth anything.  Look at these jeans with the holes\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  in the knees
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and the pockets.  If I want to start spending everything for myself I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would have started with some new clothes and instead of dragging you to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bangkok with me I would have left all of you in Ayutthaya, wouldn't I?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "You buy jeans and cut o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ut the areas around the knees so that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doesn't prove much.  Just see to it that the money doesn't fall from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the holes and that you keep remembering the duties of an elder brother
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to the younger ones."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      On foot again with his brothers and the China woma\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n, he kept
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wishing to be a boy that year that his parents opened what they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 referred to as a real restaurant.  He wished for the strange faces in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the familiar space: an area no different than a garage with some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 metallic tables and chairs in the center and w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oks, burners, a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 refrigerator, and Coke machine in the front. It had taken the family so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 many years of working on the street to be able to afford this space.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This restaurant was more legitimate and less beggarly in appearance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 although not exempt from taxes.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   His parents were exhilarated for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 while until they discovered that the added customers only compensated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for rent and taxation and the same subsistence level prevailed. Soon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the mundane set in and the discomfort of working on the streets was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forgotten. T\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hen he thought of a better time: that sweet time that very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 young children have in harmony with the parents' wishes and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fruition of love.  He could see himself pouring ice and water into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 small metallic cups and bringing them to the customers on the side\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 walk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or making his foray into salesmanship by draping from his arms the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 jasmine rosaries that his mother linked together from a long needle.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      One day, as that boy, had he not just looked down briefly to zip
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his pants and found that they did not fit all\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  that well; and that, no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 longer a cute or special one, he wasn't the same (or wasn't perceived
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the same) being within his new clothes?  A metamorphosis had altered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him to a taller and more aggravating expense and only by working hard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could he avert the fac\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 es of scorn.  In those years in some bedroom or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 another he found some peace. The plastic blinds had the same sounds of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fingers wedged between them as they bounced around in the December
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 breeze or in a June storm; and the piecemeal environment seen in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 revices of those blinds were of the same trash cans on the same
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pavement near some gravel. That had been reassuring to him. Now, he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been extracted from that environment.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Walking on, morose as the abyss of his subconscious disgorged like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a geyser, \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he thought of his boyhood in school satiated in learning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There had indeed been such a boyhood in such a time brief as a few days
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of Bangkok winter that makes homeless dogs and cats shiver before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 temple walls when fortunate enough to wander into such an an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 imal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sanctuary.  Learning had been a series of refreshing stimuli slapping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 up against him like a cool breeze. It had stimulated him and had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 planted in him an appetite.  It was then taken away from him leaving
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 only the wistfulness and the barren days squirm\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing around like noodles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in pork soup.  At the aunt's insistence his mother and father had paid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for him to go to a poor Buddhist school run by the monks. The monks had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been impressed by his academic cleverness, and soon, at their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 persuasion, his parents had\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  paid for him to attend special classes as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 well. During those three years he had only worked in the summers; and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the last of those summers was the end to a consistent time of academic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 learning. They rented him off to pick coconuts from a woman's orchard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d didn't see much point in dismissing the added revenue. The aunt,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with her excess of money, intervened with special tutors and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 home-school teachers.  It lasted for a time until she became bored with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 overseeing it.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      During the trip here an accident ha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d occurred on the highway from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Ayuttaya to Bangkok and the congestion made irascible beings used to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the quick weltering motion of freedom trapped in their own thoughts.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Horns, at that time sounded from all directions and Kumpee, the fetid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one, at times ira\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scibly chewed the fetid fruit called durian or slowly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slurped from the beer can in his hands allowing the liquid in his mouth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to spread and re-spread before swallowing.  He wanted to step out of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the car and punch someone but instead he bit into the heart o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 durian.  When the girlfriend's car gained enough freedom to interweave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 within the slowness (a slowness that caused their minds to be more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lamenting), Kumpee, at that time, made their way out of the last lanes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and pulled into a town to get another bee\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r. He had hardly entered the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 town when he fell asleep for a second and swerving to escape hitting a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tuc tuc upon awakening (a tuc tuc being a big golf-cart taxi) or a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bicycle rickshaw, the car nearly hit a truck and then nicked a fruit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cart that was being \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pushed along the side of the road. Kumpee, burdened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and desiring for speed and escape, drove on. During that second of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 near miss with the truck, Jatupon felt that it was their destiny--their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 karma-- to have the same fate that their parents had experien\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ced weeks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 earlier. He found himself disappointed to be alive but sensed that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was alone in this. Even if such a thought flashed before his brothers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they were older and quickly regained that cold detachment as if their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 psyches were fully evolved as separ\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ate entities. They portrayed, in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 legitimate or feigned smiles, that they no longer felt that the fate of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the parents was interlinked to that of the sons. Suthep, who was just a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 year and a half older than Jatupon, had not been so convincing.  When
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he felt t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hat he was unobserved he seemed troubled and twice looked out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the back window.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Kumpee, deciding to sleep, drove a little further in the same
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 direction to his friend's house.  He was apologetic.  After all,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bangkok (or Krung Thep Maha Nakhon) was only \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 45 miles from Nakhon Si
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Ayutthaya but to experience traffic problems in Thailand was like no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other, and to have sold the parents' possessions after burning the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bodies of the mother and father before the inevitable rot (a ubiquitous
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ordeal so individually p\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ersonal) was like no other. They were exhausted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and needed someplace to stay. The friend welcomed them in without the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 least reservation.  Kumpee and Kazem put rice mats on the floor. Then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they began to tie up the tent of the mosquito net by stringing it up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against light fixtures and unused nails that stuck out of walls.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Suthep and Jatupon became aware that their masculine images of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 themselves were dependent on being a builder of the house, and so they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 quickly secured two sagging corners so that they would n\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ot be badgered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for feminine subservience.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      That night, under the net, Jatupon considered the mosquito
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stealth: that it waited for the concluding restless mumbling of his two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eldest brothers who were rehashing where they would go long-term and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what they\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  would do. The mosquito waited; and the minute that they fell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 asleep its wings cut through the black air and time with the buzz of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 monotonous chant.  The mosquito carried a wicker fan called a "balabot"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that monks used to hide their faces as they gave th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e air their morbid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and sonorous drones.  He heard the mosquito shuffling around the room
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 under the net.  There were times, throughout the night, that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 questioned if some less supernatural version of a mosquito had bitten
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him and had given him dengue feve\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r which might have brought on these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hallucinations, or if he was experiencing withdrawal from not having
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 used drugs or sniffed glue for a while. It did not occur to him that a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 third possibility might have been the variety of chemical substances
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 already in \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his body mixed with the new amphetamines that he had popped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into his mouth an hour earlier while in the bathroom of Kumpee's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 friend.  It was a well-known fact that metropolitan bus drivers in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 every city popped amphetamines; and so to him it had been vitami\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ns
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fortifying him against depression and lethargy.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      As he walked with his brothers and the "Chinawoman" through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 heat and smoke of the sidewalk restaurants, he remembered having been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 very hot the previous night and how he had felt so miserably trap\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 under the mosquito net like a fish in the web and snare of its net.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was sick but it did not last for very long. According to his memory
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this strange entity as large as himself shuffled under the net from one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 corner to the next and the sickness of h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is stomach was replaced by a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 queasy and tightening horror while he cowered in the embrace of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 legs. Thinking himself in a net where there was no extrication he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 experienced the adrenalin of bravado.  He wanted to confront his fears.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Trying to reach for \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a religion to formulate a rational perspective in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the irrational, he argued that the snare outside had to be less
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 poignant than the snare of gluttonous appetites that were the cell, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bunk, and the chained wall within the underground prison that was he.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This mosquito evoked in him, or he invoked in himself, such trepidation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that he imagined an equal: prehistoric peoples of Thailand watching
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their halcyon harmony with nature execrably disparaged in the vehement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 winds of a hurricane--the trees along the riv\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 er, which had offered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 protection now torn and lethally slapped at them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     The mosquito landed, crawled, and looked at the bodies on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 floor.  "Everyone is separated out into little forts. The others are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 under two different nets," it flared its voice in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a quasi-question
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 without looking at Jatupon's face. "Who are these creatures?" it asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "My brothers"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "There's one woman," it said pugnaciously.  "They can't all be your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brothers. Let's have an inventory. Be specific!"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "My eldest brother's fr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 iend and my brother, Kazem, are under one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tent. My brother, Kumpee, and his girlfriend are in a second tent.  My
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brother, Suthep, is here with me."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "And you I know.  Don't you think this is a bit overdone: three
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forts around a few microscopic insects?\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon opened his mouth but failed to say anything. Then he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 closed his mouth in fear of an insect flying into it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "At any rate, why isn't one tent used throughout the room."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't know.  I didn't ask."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Aren't you a little dummy,"\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  it said.  "Considering the fact that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one large tent spread throughout the room would be a more economical
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 investment than three smaller ones, one would think that you would care
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to inquire about it logically."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "We aren't renting them.  They are the ho\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 st's and it would be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 impolite to ask such questions."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "'They are the host's and it wouldn't be polite to ask those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 questions,'" it mocked. "You are so Thai through and through: one dummy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in a nation of dummies. Here, let me look at this dummy."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      A\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fter a thorough examination of Suthep's body like a doctor or a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 depraved sexual stalker, it turned away from the one sleeping and spoke
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon's disparaging nickname of "Jatuporn" disdainfully.  Then it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 told him that he and it would be playing cards.  It \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shuffled its body
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from corner to corner and then shuffled the cards.  One card became
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thwarted and dislodged from the uniform movement.  It flipped face up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and showed a still life of his parents who were expressionless as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mannequins. They were a couple of \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a dark pigment (he from birth and she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with her Chinese skin all burnt and wrinkled brown).  She was naked but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wearing a hair net and he was without his usual cap but was wearing a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 loincloth that had been soiled by his weekend work in the rice fields
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  rural outskirts of the city. The mosquito quickly buried the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 card into the others face down.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Lets talk of them, the ashes that they be.  They make up one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 two groups of people in your life and these categories of individuals
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 need to be discussed.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why are you crying?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Seeing them makes me miss them.  They died in a horrible
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 accident."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Accidents abound."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "  We had to burn their bodies."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "That's done.  You don't want them rotting in the streets. From
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what I heard, the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y made excellent firewood in the incinerator.  What is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there to cry about?  They fulfilled the quest of their lives.  It was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the only decent thing they ever did: becoming a fireball.  What is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there to cry about?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "They are gone.  They were my parents \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and I loved them."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You are sorry for the pain they experienced.  I suppose that is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 decent of you; but most of that love is just like not questioning why
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there are three nets in this room instead of one.  You, Thais, are so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 subservient to your cultura\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 l definitions of right and wrong.  What
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 silly things you all are.  You are specifically foolish having the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 loyalty of a dog that is kicked, fed, and comes back for more.  You are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 too Thai. It is absolutely sickening."  It again glanced at Suthep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Tell me \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about this one on the mat with you.  Is he as stupid?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Are you going to hurt him and me?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Possibly; or just allow you to hurt yourselves."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Tell me about him."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "He is the third eldest brother.  He is a litter older than me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He likes \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thai boxing and snookers.  I don't know what to say. I don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know what you want.  He is my brother.  I love him."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "There you go with that word.  Do you think that they, your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 parents, loved you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Of course."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "That's what you think but that \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 isn't what you know.  I want what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you know from what you have repressed.  I want the truth.  I want to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 enlighten you, or for you to enlighten yourself.  It's a misnomer, you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know.  It isn't really light at all in either color or weight.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Enlightenment is ha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rd and dark.  Don't you think so?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I've never considered it."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I know you haven't."   It paused.  "You know, I can read your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thoughts. Why are you trying to memorize everything I'm saying.  You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 flatter me so."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I want to put it in my journa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 l but it is buried in one of my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bags."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I see.  I'm glad you write.  I think you should write or draw."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why not? As an indictment of love if nothing else.  I'm wondering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what you think about your mother having four sons.  Really five
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 including the miscarriage."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "I wouldn't know.  I suppose she loved Children. She loved raising
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "She needed children.  Not only did her body push her to make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 copies of herself to preserve her DNA but also she needed the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 distractions from her\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  own thinking-from love gone awry.  She had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 married a tyrant.  The only thing they shared was the scheming of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 easily cobbled projects to make a tiny bit of money they always hoped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would make them filthy rich.  The rebellion against her family and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sexual fe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 licity with his large genitalia had been eroded in time. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 became conscious of his piggish habits.  She was always thinking about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being alienated from her former family, which, if she had stayed with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them, would have allowed her to live a comfortable lif\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e.  Children were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her distraction but when they were older she resented their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 independence.  As far as your father is concerned, he loved you even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more:  he loved chasing after you as if you were a cockroach that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanted to smash.  He got your brothers t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o help him stomp on you."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "How do you know that the need to preserve DNA makes a mother
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 love?" Jatupon whined sullenly.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I read it in a comic book."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon became taciturn.  His head hurt and he wanted to vomit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He couldn't get up.  He trie\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d to stand up but couldn't do so.  He tried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to vomit in a cup but nothing came up."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You might as well stay where you are at.  If you go into the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bathroom for more pills or slip into your bag for some glue you might
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be able to discombobulate my voice \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like a child spinning around in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 grass but ultimately you'll fall into me and the mordant words will be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all the more deleterious. Besides, it is still my hand and there are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more cards to play. It tossed another card from the deck his way.  It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was Kumpee\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 's girl friend.  It was her face and shape.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2         "Yes, Jatupon said, "She's a lovely card" and the mosquito
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nodded his head disdainfully.  Then it clapped its feet and said, "One
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 baht for the human's ability to at least recognize physical beauty."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatup\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on looked on the table and there appeared a one baht coin with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 naked China woman engraved on it.  He picked it up.  It's weight, which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was always equal to that of play money, had become less; and there was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a continual sensation that even though it rested\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  in his finger tips it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was being pulled lightlessly away from him to fall endlessly into an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inconvertible currency. He watched it vaporize into a gas.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "She is one of the second group who has no special significance to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you at all and yet from her your l\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ife has been changed.  People like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this might be helpful and even compassionate but at the end of the day
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they won't stay with you.  They are evanescent nectar in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dissolution of events and time."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Only two groups?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Only two unless you make u\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 p a third.  All I know of the future is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from the perspective of today."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Catered to the limitations of Jatupon's entomological knowledge,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this gigantic mosquito was male and a bloodsucker nonetheless.  It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 looked into his intimate space with such a bold\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  stare that he felt that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it could easily seduce him in as its prey--that the survival of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fittest reigned with the hegemony of its kind just as micro-organisms
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 always get the last meal. As he saw its eyes he suddenly knew the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sadistic fun it was having \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with its mind games, and the cruel hunting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 games of cats and their dead mice.  Deeper into its eyes he saw a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 starving child and a vulture awaiting on a rock, the fight for dominion
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of species and nations, and the sexual aggression of making love among
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mank\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ind.  He felt like walking meat; and he knew that all animals felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the same of their own lives ceaselessly. He grieved for them.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mosquito knew this intuitively and began to laugh at him for his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 \hich\f2 sensitivity and his na\'ef\loch\f2 ve animistic thinking, which like \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a child, made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 animals conscious and sagacious.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "You aren't real, you know, but the fever of my own brain," said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon to curtail his vision.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Oh, let's not start the reality game.  I'll make this simple so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that even you can understand it.  It fo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ils others I enlighten who give
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me the same argument.  I say to them that they, who create ideas, will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 die in a hundred years but an idea that they might have has the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 possibility of living on.  To the idea, I say, the man would not seem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 real."  Then he obf\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uscated. "Didn't you read in an encyclopedia one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time that the American president, Abraham Lincoln, said, 'In the civil
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 war it is quite possible that God's purpose is something different from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the purpose of either party--and yet the human instrumentalities\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 working just as they do, are of the best adaptation to effect his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 purpose.'"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't understand what you are meaning by that.  I didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 understand that long sentence when I read it anyhow."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "You don't understand subtle and abstract meanings bec\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ause you are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uneducated.  You sometimes dabble here and there with an encyclopedia
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the library and then you forget everything you've read when you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 understand it at all," said the mosquito in a contumelious air. "Only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the dreamer is the illusion.  Not th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e dream. The dreamer sinks back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with the dirt."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     It tossed that card like a coin from its gangling talon tips. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 card enlarged to a life-sized form and moved toward Jatupon. He almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 felt seduced by it as it moved around him in its mating dance.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mosquito laughed harder and then said that not only had he and his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brothers relinquished their homeland in Ayutthaya on account of her but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that she was a trap or a symbol of a trap. It was not just she, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 explained.  It was all of them.  Love and marriag\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e was a specie }{\cf6 \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ** specie ? or species ? **
\par }{\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 preserving drug induced into a man to keep him bound and limited
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 through passion, fear of loneliness, and obligation."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Then I should feel sorry for my elder brother if it is a sickness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like how I'm feeling n\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ow.  I mean I was feeling really sick but now I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 must still be sick if I'm imagining you.  I wish I were able to tell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what is happening to me now.  It is like suffering the withdrawals or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dengue fever."  Slowly forcing himself beyond his cowardly pose,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pon got up and opened his suitcase.  He took out two warm cans of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Coca Cola.  He opened the tabs and slid one to the mosquito that drank
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 up.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It isn't quite the nectar of blood but it is okay when one is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thirsty," it commented.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He was like a woun\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ded soldier who perceived that the enemy was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 another victim in the war and so he wanted to sit down near this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 opposing peer.  Jatupon crept near it and gradually sat on a mat. A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 minute later, after not being eaten, his confidence grew and he felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like conf\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 essing his soul to the insect as if the mosquito's appearance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were only that mask Thai monks hid behind when they said their chants.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Kumpee said he would live with us but I guess he might mean that now.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 After all, his girlfriend is with him.  He only talk\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed to her on our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 way here." He paused and thought deeply once again. "I don't like what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you say but it's honest. I have no one to talk with, you know."  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought of this mosquito as a spirit who came through the burning of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 incense placed at a stupa.  "I \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 don't have anyone to be honest with me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and all of the friends I once had I've had to leave. Would you visit me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in Bangkok?" He spoke with such innocence that the mosquito had to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smile bashfully and look away from the awkwardness of knowing that only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a chil\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d believes that mother and father are extensions of his own body;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 only a child walks into the forest with a kind stranger where he is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bound to a tree, raped and murdered; and only one warped in the wisdom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gained in tragedy finds himself inseparably bound b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y every stern,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 euphonious truth uttered by a monster.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Would I accept the invitation to come to Bangkok to bite you and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inject you with malaria? No, I'm afraid I would not be able to accept
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 such an invitation at this time and you shouldn't be extendin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Always remember that truth is lethal.  To know and to be aware of many
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 things is like a man too fat for his house and this obese pig of a man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is forced onto the streets where he can't tolerate the heat and cold
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 because of his flab; and then I come al\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ong and suck through his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 baboonish skin before he knocks off.  I certainly would accompany you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 if it were not for there being truth in the adage that a mosquito could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 never live in Bangkok because the pollution would kill him off."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Then the mosquito's\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  eyes were those of the second eldest brother,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem, and Jatupon was with him in the bathroom where he had taken the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pills.  Kazem lifted up "Jatuporn's" bare legs onto his shoulders;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inserted himself; and rode. Jatupon realized that he was hallucinating
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this because there was the mosquito before him. He felt ill.  He just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanted to get out of the confines of the mosquito net.  He just wanted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to brush his teeth.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The next thing Jatupon dreamt or knew the third eldest one,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Suthep, put a cold washcloth o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n his forehead and then had him take some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aspirin. As Jatupon gluttonously swallowed the pills down his gullet he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 kept wondering if it were cocaine. Suthep vanished and then there was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the mosquito again. In a transformed madness, the mosquito became
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem;\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  and this brother kept riding him painfully while Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wondered if Kumpee, the fetid one, had run off permanently with his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Chinawoman."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Somewhere into the night--had it been in the bathroom when he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vomiting or when he was back under the net wi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 th a washcloth on his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 head?--he could not place where he was at; and then odd thoughts came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into his mind. "If love oils are a way to make the anus and the vagina
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 something that they aren't designed for maybe I'm pregnant with my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brother's child?  Does he \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 love me?  What is love?  My bottom has spread
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out like a damp shirt when stretched"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Then it was the mosquito again.  He asked what were Jatupon's job
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aspirations in Bangkok. "Oh, I don't know," the boy responded. "I have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought many things."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Su\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ch as..." it asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "At times I have thought that I could become a monk--one of those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 real monks that live in the cave, eat only vegetables, and have no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 needs or wants."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The mosquito scoffed.  "What a bloody idealist.  Deny your hungers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and you d\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eny the animal that comprises so much of the human being-the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 animal that developed a high degree of consciousness to fight his way
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 up as the dominant species, the animal that nonetheless behaves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 according to instinct.  If you deny the human you will have w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 asted your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 life not living it at all.  That is what will happen if you are lucky.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 If unlucky, I suppose you will eventually snap like a crazed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 immigration officer who begins to shoot tourists.  You are an animal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not that you have to be swallowed up whole i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nto your hungers.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 illusions of being in love, the ambitions that have allowed you to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 subdue the Earth under the illusion of gaining some happy plateau after
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 making your conquests, are hardly instincts one can extract.  One
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shouldn't extract them. Thes\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e instincts have filled your kind with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 purpose thereby making brief existences on a meaningless planet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bearable. Most importantly sexual desire keeps your race proliferating.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Tell me something a bit more practical."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well...sometimes I have thought I \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could become a money collector
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in a city bus. I would be a Bangkok Metropolitan Transportation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 employee--BMT."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, being prime minister would never suit you.  I must say that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this is certainly less extreme and easily in your reach.  What attracts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ou to the profession of ticket tearing?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon imagined the money collector clicking the lid of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 metallic cylinder while shoving through the people. At times he would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sit on the monkey bar near the open door feeling the artificial winds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 created b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y this fast moving green tube full of standing contortionists.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  When new customers came in he would put their money into the tube and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 extract tickets, weightless as stamps, from the same container. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would click and click to get their attention. When the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bus was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inordinately full, barefoot or in sandals, he would stand on the last
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 step an inch from death like a parachutist without a parachute.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I just think that I could do it," he told the mosquito.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes," said the mosquito, "but could you count \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 change to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 satisfaction of the mass transit department of Bangkok?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm not hardly a dummy," Jatupon said angrily.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Let's not go into that," the mosquito said.  "I know you can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 count.  I'm just not sure if it goes beyond ten.  That's all.  Wh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other fun things could you become if needed-any type of job that can at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 least grant you eighty dollars worth of free falling baht each month?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't know.  I'm tired of thinking about it.  It is such an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anguish to worry about surviving continual\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ly."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Indeed.  Just like you were thinking before: animals that have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 insight into the fact that they are nothing but ambulatory meat; only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you are the meat of the richer classes.  Your life will be consumed at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 work for their pleasure."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The girl \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 friend handed her sun burnt Siamese a key to the room and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 excoriated him for not believing her about the distance of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 apartment building from the department store.  She snubbed encountering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 extensive numbers of the underclass even though her father owne\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 building.  She stood aloof and contracted the muscles of her face even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 \hich\f2 before the evaporation of urinary molecules from the fa\'e7\loch\f2 ade of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 building attacked her nostrils. She disheveled Jatupon's hair and then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 maternally combed it back again with her \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fingers.  She told Kumpee that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she would take a taxi back to the department store and wait for him at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 McDonald's. Then she left them in repugnance.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     Within a glance each of them saw all there was of their apartment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 burrowed under the building and became\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  sullen. Kumpee lied that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would leave his bag in the apartment and then see his girlfriend back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to her home.  Jatupon lay on the floor. Suthep unpacked and put the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 headphones of a Walkman around his ears.  Kazem took a shower.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 subject of his depart\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ure was forgotten.  Kumpee sat on his case for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 half hour eating his durian.  Then when there seemed an inconspicuous
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 exit he picked up his bag and went away.  They felt his missing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 presence prod the vacuous air an hour later when they noticed that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 su\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 itcase was gone.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                                      Chapter 4
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      It was 2 a.m. and the mosquito came into the scenes of his REM
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with wings piercing through and dominating over every brief episodic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nightmare. It was wearing an orang\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e monk's robe and superciliously
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 imposed its own presence on all scenes that Jatupon alone was supposed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to rehearse.  It altered a script that Jatupon's brain had conjured in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the hope of figuring out how to interact with his environment and live
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with himse\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lf harmoniously.  Initially his sleep consisted of nascent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dream-roles to find out if feigning a serious illness would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 altered his parents' journey of early demise.  Later there were others
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 such as trying to persuade the fetid one's Chinese girlfriend\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  to buy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him a white shirt and necktie so that he could apply at the Bangkok
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Metropolitan Transportation Department and thereby resurrect himself as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an economic deliverer and a masculine force to be admired instead of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dog excrement on his brothers' heels th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at he perceived them as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 perceiving him to be.  There were also briefer skits in the random
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 feelings, thoughts, and perceptions he was trying to categorize.  One
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was of trying to successfully bite his shirt to stop himself from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 crying out when Kazem's rivet\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing night sports were too painful and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 another one was of attempting to remember the few neighborhoods and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 streets of Bangkok that he had learnt in past visits and perhaps link
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them to various names that only sleep could recall.  Throughout it all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was the b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uzz of the mosquito.  This insect-monk buzzed no differently
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 than a bee.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "And where were you today and yesterday?" it asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I didn't get out the glue and there were no pills to pop."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why didn't you get out the glue?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I want to do th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is for fun.  I want these trips to stay what they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 call "recreational."  I'll take them only when I need out.  I don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 want to be an addict."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "You aren't an addict.  If your body really wanted it, you wouldn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have been able to resist it for over 24 hou\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rs.  Still, even though this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is noble and good, you don't want to walk away from your friends."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I know."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What did you do this afternoon?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I went to fly a kite near Wat Phra Kaeo."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you mean you masturbated in the temple housing th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e Emerald
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Buddha?  I mean that's fine if it is true.  Surely another person or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 two over the past two or three centuries has done that also.  All the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 same, please refrain from using Thai slang.  You don't want to sound
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like a dummy when you talk to me."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2    \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   "No, I mean it literally, Ajarn," said Jatupon.  Ajarn meant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "respected teacher."  "I went to the area outside of the Grand Palace
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in Sanam Luang.  In front of the golden and pointed domes of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 entrance there is an oval football field of dirt.  The rad\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 io mentioned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that hundreds of boys and girls were flying kites there.  I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 planning to buy a kite and fly mine with the hundreds that were soaring
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 next to each other but there was no one my age doing that."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Neither a boy nor a man: what an awkward \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 state to be in.  Anyhow,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 so you wanted to fly a kite near the golden pagodas and cupolas of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Grand Palace and Wat Phra Kaeo but you didn't do so.  I assume it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more for lack of money.  Is that right?  Is that all?   I can't imagine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 why you would thin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 k that you could use money for such extravagances
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 considering your present predicament."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I had some.  I always get some."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "How?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I go through Kazem's pockets when he is asleep."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you mean you steal it?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Not really.  He knows\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  I do it.  It is kind of like a little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 game...sort of."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Oh, I can pick it from your simple mind so easily. The rule
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being that after you provide your sexual services to him he allows you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to pickpocket from the pants that he drapes on a chair.  If he\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  awakens
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he beats you or disparages your existence in front of the family but if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you are quiet you can take most of what he has in his pockets and run
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 away throughout the day."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "When I'm not working. That is kind of how it has gone. He has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 always been\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  kind enough to see that I get a vacation every week.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was always telling Mother that I needed to be something other than an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 illiterate slob and the least they could do was allow me to go to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 library once a week. I would usually go there...sometimes \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a movie or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 standing at a newsstand reading the comics.  That is sort of how it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was.  Now we aren't working so I didn't take very much yesterday.  Hey,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 if you can read my simple little mind so easily, why do you bother to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ask things?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "To amuse myself \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a little.  Did this pickpocket game occur when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your parents were alive?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "Yes, it began when I was eleven.  What could I have said to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anyone?  I was hated.  You said so yourself.  I wasn't going to make it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 worse by humiliating myself that way.  They wo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uldn't have believed me;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and they wouldn't have wanted to think about something so disgusting.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Anyhow, Kazem always had me swear that I'd keep it secret and he is the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 only one who has really cared about me-as much as people care about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 others. Maybe not so \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 much."  He became taciturn.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Quiet!" said the mosquito belatedly.  "I hear something."  It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 paused and looked through the small window of the basement apartment.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Oh, it is your mother driving up now."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "She doesn't drive.  She doesn't own a car."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "She does now."  Jatupon remembered that she always did buy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 \hich\f2 lottery tickets that mendicants sold from wooden attach\'e9\loch\f2  cases hung
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around their chests.  "I thought she didn't have the chance of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 snowball in hell of winning" commented the mosquito.  "Any\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 how, here she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is and it is grocery day.  You need to help her bring in the bags."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      It was raining but he nonetheless heard the car. He sauntered out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the kitchen of the river cabin as the screen door sprang back behind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Mother," he yelled i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n a surprised tone.  "You're back."  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 engine stopped.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Of course I'm here.  You knew I'd be back in an hour.  Where else
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would I be?"  Her voice screamed out belligerently but it was hollow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and virtually inaudible in the container of the car. The M\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ercedes Benz
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was flaxen and waxed and the woman inside was a bit of the same self in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an idealized way.  She was even more young, beautiful and poised than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kumpee's girlfriend.  Her skin was also whiter than the fetid one's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 infatuation and instead of being \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dark, thick, and puffy like a durable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and well tread tire she was a thin sheath, almost like a transparent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 condom, and perfectly unblemished.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Did you go to Ayutthaya?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Have you really forgotten where I've been.  Even you can't be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that stupid.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I told you before I left.  I went to Thee Nhai." Thee nai 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was the word "Where" in Thai; but she spoke it with such certainty that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he believed in its legitimacy as a city name like Chaing Mai. She spoke
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 even more loudly from her encasement inside the car b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ut was still
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 barely audible.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "To see Grandmother?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "And grocery shopping.  After all, it is grocery day. "  She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stopped frowning and slowly made a partial smile. "I have something for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you." He felt surprised. He wondered why he would be given som\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ething.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He couldn't remember having ever been given a gift.  In Thailand (the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 real Thailand as lived by the poor masses) children were instruments:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tools to ease the task of making a living, and later they were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sustenance and emotional pampering for the ag\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing parents. Above the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 steering wheel she showed to him a small rectangular box that she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 opened like a coffin.  In it was a large golden pen that gleamed like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the roofs of a Buddhist temple. Minutes passed.  She continued to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 exhibit the pen and her half-sm\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ile while staying encased. All of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 car windows were rolled up. He kept wondering what good the pen would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 do him if it were just a visual appearance seen through the glass of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 car.  He forgot the pen and concentrated on his mother who was as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 intangible.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   He heard the sound of her calmly wrestling unsuccessfully
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with a door handle that would not unlock.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He or it--this mordant mosquito-- came with wings piercing through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sleep.  He again spoke of her, the girlfriend, as "Chinatown skin" and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 drawing her\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  from a deck of cards, the mosquito threw her. The card,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 animated like an email greeting, clicked around as if on high heels.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The woman's form, detaching itself from the shell of the card, sang and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 danced her dance. Jatupon and the mosquito both lusted for\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  her. Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanted to rush into the toilet the way he had seen a man in his early
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 twenties rush into the public restroom at the movie theatre, Major
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Ciniplex in Ayuttaya, a week before his parents died. On that occasion,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or misadventure, Jatupon, who a m\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inute later went to relieve himself in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an adjacent cubicle before going back to his cart of noodles, heard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pumping noises. Then on his side of the crack he faintly saw a shadow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of a hand stroking a penis on the tiles to the left of his feet.  That
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 man had \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sought pleasure in marginal solitude; but for him, with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mosquito staring him down with emotionless black eyes, there was no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 privacy. His masturbatory time was limited by his hallucinations.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He tried to suffocate the thought of the Chinese Thai woman\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  in an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 imaginary pillowcase.  He tried to extinguish the sparks of his own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desires by deluging them with more abstract and tenuous thoughts.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wondered what would be some other choices of jobs he could pursue to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 break away from what was left of this frat\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ernity and become an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 independent being.  The idea hurt him.  He then told himself that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 never wanted to leave his brothers.  He told himself that he would go
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out to find Kumpee, the fetid one, if he only knew where in the big
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 city to search.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  saw his own pimpled face staring at him; his childhood
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 friends who moved or became people he could not relate to; and his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 parents that no human sense of bonding, volition, or imagination could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bring back. Orphic memories gleamed and sparkled opaquely like\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moving shadows of leaves on the pavement. "So, I can not see my own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 reflection without cringing.  So, I felt that sense of fear that came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from thinking that my classmates might not want me to play takraw with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them and that feeling has not left me enti\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rely.  So, I'm scared of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 losing people, like fumbling with the bamboo ball, as if their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 departure would be the end of my own personal essence!  So, in the end,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 we all come down in a cruel fate." He could not formulate these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 abstract thoughts.  It all was a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  base and indistinct feeling.  He was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 attempting to channel the fears that constituted so much of his being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 so that they would not burst into his consciousness.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "So, have you finished falling so fully and foolishly into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 yourself," asked the mosquito. \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  It paused and looked back at the girl.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "She is Chinatown skin, the kind every man pants for: all beautifully
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 white, each aesthetic non-deformity ranking her in the realm of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desirability in every Thai man's mind.  'Won't she, in this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 quintessence of beauty\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 , have virtually no chance of making a deformed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 baby,' screams the man's ingrained DNA programming that composes each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and every cell.  'Won't she, in this quintessence of beauty, have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 virtually no chance of making a deformed baby,' scream's the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 psychologic\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 al programming created by the influence of his peers who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 think that her money and education have made her as valuable as white
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ivory -the type often used in Buddhist statuettes.   Hormonal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 discriminatory passions ensue, dopamine hits the pleasure receptors\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the brain, and make him an addict for a hormonal pleasure with her."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Is this love?  Is this all that we are?  Love is the best part of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 us and yet it is as this?  I can't believe that," retorted Jatupon.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The mosquito, the big "it," guffawed. \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "You are truly ingenuous.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You are contrary to the natural world around you-a true babe focusing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your trusting round eyes so eagerly on the savage world around you.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Personally it is a novelty to me and I don't mind it at all. Do you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 remember how you felt wh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 en you were young?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He remembered the warmth he felt toward his mother even though she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 did not like him. He remembered how she cared for him despite thinking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him a burden.  She was the good birdie feeding his mouth.  Had he not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 believed all love to be\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  something like a mother's love and that this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mother's love was pure?   Had he as little as a few days earlier been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inveigled in the optimism of being free from the consideration of how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instinct is passed down in genetic transfer from generation to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 generat\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ion?  Had he not imagined a desire for a woman and being "in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 love" as something more spectacular than bottle rockets and Roman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 candles lit from the bridges over the Chao Phraya River in the Loi
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 krathong celebration?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      There were times he had even consid\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ered love to be a preordained
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gift bestowed onto each being in subtle and illuminating graces.  It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was a bit like a lit candle on a krathong, a hand length banana-leaf
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boat sent out onto waters during the Loi krathong holiday.  A given
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 krathong would perha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ps sail a hundred meters on a river before being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tipped over in waves and winds along with one's negativity and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 culpability; and for this exorcism the river goddess would bestow onto
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 such an individual a new year of blessings.  As a boy he had thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  this universal love was so pure that it was colorless and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 translucent.  He believed that it was so ubiquitous and protecting like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a mosquito net around the world, but alive, sensitive, and full of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 feeling; and that from it came the babies...the babies.  C\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ertainly as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the years were placed on the tables like plates of rice and bowls of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 noodle soup it was harder to believe that brotherly love was equally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dispersed among mankind. It seemed that the darker the pigment of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thai, the more likely he was to do his\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  menial tasks and the whiter he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was, the more such Thais seemed to own the enterprises of the country.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To his brother, Kumpee, like the father, he had existed as a verbal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 punching bag to relieve stress. "Night sports" was the term that Kazem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 called his for\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 m of brotherly love.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Now..." scoffed the mosquito as it smiled maliciously, "Now, you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know the truth.  The truth shall set you free.  Babies come from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desire to both eat healthy human flesh and crawl and slither around in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 its beautiful skin."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2    \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   He woke up startled to a void and a room that was at first
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 unfamiliar in the darkness until memory seeped in and he knew where he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was at.  As he was feeling depressed looking at this basement room
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 where they were caged and smelling the stagnancy of air s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tinking of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mens' bodies more eclectically than just their armpits, he fought with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the rectangular window to which leaned weeds and grass.  He barely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 budged it open.  The patch of greenery flushed its grassy smells as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 well as the urinary ones with a gust of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  wind. Even decay was in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 grass and such smells were beautiful.  He watched the blades moving.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They whispered of impermanence.  They reminded him that as dictators
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 die, civilizations ultimately become nothing but a few buried artifacts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and bones, and pa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 laces crumble, he would not stay in this cell forever.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Everything would change; and change at times had its advantage.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      And yet the child in him resisted change.  It yearned to declare
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 every dust particle that had been trodden on its friend.  It did n\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like parting and it, in him, hated the idea of Kumpee gone.  He felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 jealous that this woman had taken him. He hated her despite her earlier
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 friendliness to him.  He hated her white skin and hated Kumpee for his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ugly dark skin, his abandonment, and his \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fetid ways.  Mostly he hated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his contemptuously tinged use of the nickname, "Jatuporn," showing that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he knew everything about this relationship with Kazem.   The apathy in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the pronouncement would have been bearable.  The contempt would have at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 least shown \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 concern.  But that particular mix spelled out that he,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon, was really the fetid one and he hated the fetid one for it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Stagnant and morose in feelings and thoughts, he dripped in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sauna of his own sweat; and, careful not to stumble over his br\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 others
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the night, he opened the door for more breezes, for a passing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mosquito, for voices, and the dispersing of crowded thoughts.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 recalled untainted and simple memories of Kazem telling Suthep a joke a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 customer had relayed to him making all four of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  them laugh until they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 turned red; the shapes and slight variations of the colors of clouds;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and lying on his bed in their parents home hearing the sounds of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 locusts somewhere in the swaying tree limbs cradled in the wind's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 caresses.  He knew that such tri\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vial and yet poetical experiences were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what constituted human happiness.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He stepped outside and then walked a couple of blocks in a still
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 relatively unfamiliar terrain. To him, the surveyor of the night, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 city spilled out in the oozing newness of b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lack and yellow tubes of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 paint. There was a larger road and across the street was a Seven-Eleven
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 convenience store.  He stood there and his eyes followed the traffic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that went directly in front of it. He rummaged through one of his bags
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 until he found his \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 glue.  He inhaled its fumes and popped some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 amphetamines he had purchased at the drugstore with Kazem's pocket
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 money.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He remembered that Suthep and Kazem, like curious beasts, had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 occasionally looked in on him during that time, a year ago, when his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dy had its opiate force (really a mixed drug combination adversely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 affected by beer he drank during the Songkran New Year's water fight)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 poured from it like water from a colander.  How sick he had been. From
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem's suggestion, it had been a monk--a former\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  teacher of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boyhood-- whom he had stayed with while he was stiff and shaking. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 periodic vomiting and shaking had seemed so incessant although it, like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all, was fleeting. It had been too intolerable for his parents and yet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for all the talk of the fat\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her getting rid of him completely by shoving
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him into a monastery, they had been happy to again gain their worker.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     Lost in the myriad dimly lit trails of his own thoughts, he at last
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 returned and went back to his bed of clothes.  He smoothed them out. \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 made them even.  He thought that he might be reprimanded about leaving
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the door open for insects to fly in.  It was to his satisfaction but it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 probably wouldn't be to theirs and these brothers might easily awaken
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from the dogs that could be heard a bloc\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 k away.  He got up and shut
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 both the door and the window. Then, for a few minutes, he listened to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the howling of dogs muffled through the closed door.  For a half hour
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his positions changed restlessly on the wad of clothes. He thought of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the postcard pictu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 res of temples and palaces; of possibly being a money
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 collector on the city busses, standing on a step and hanging out of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continually opened door of a green bus; of--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What a pathetic existence.  You haven't even paid any rent on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this room. Gifts \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 can be taken back, you know. You could be thrown out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at any whim: Kazem's, the girlfriend's, her father who might hate him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 enough to kick you out.  You have no money or jobs.  What will you do?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I thought that you weren't coming here."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Here?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "To Bangkok."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Did I say that?" it asked for the first time in a tone that was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 introspective and self-conscious.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "You said it.  If you make yourself out to be this monster of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 truths I can't see how you can lie like this."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I was with you \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 earlier in a less bright, more murky form of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dream when you were anxious that you hadn't gotten any privacy to fly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your kite.  You didn't seem to remember quoting me then."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   It did not like the merit of its own veracity scrutinized.  It turned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 away and \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 paused.  It scratched one leg against another thoughtfully the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 way one might a scalp.  Jatupon wondered for a moment if the insect
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would disappear wordlessly from the weight of it's own waning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 confidence but there was no chance of that. It reasserted itsel\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 attempting to discard its solemn self-interrogations for a more august
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 posture and attitude.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You would be the aimless kinetic movements of other dust just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like your kind if it wasn't for me giving you consciousness and a soul.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  You impudent little\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  dummy, you should not speak to your ajarn this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 way.  Your blood only has worth as the nutrients of my posterity.  That
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is its purpose.  If you become so calculating and crafty with me I'll
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 reevaluate our relationship."  One of its arms reached over and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ca\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ressed his skin.  "At a distance," it said, "the brownness makes it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 look as solid as a rock.  I forget that it is so tender.  Your naivete
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 also seems so obdurate that I often forget the self-serving and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 disingenuous muck underneath it all."  It brought bac\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 k its arm, opened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 its mouth widely, and spat at the boy.   "Here have an early Songkran,"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it said.  Songkran was the New Year's water festival in the hottest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 month of April.   The month was really March of the year 2445 according
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to the Thai Buddhist calen\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dar. "I come and go by the dictates of my own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 intelligent, restless brooding.  I move from one rock to another hoping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to get satisfaction or at least a reprieve from dissatisfaction.  I, an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 intelligent being, must delude myself that the composite of rocks \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 make up this planet are something other than hardened shells of dirt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and that I, wandering from one rock to another, am really living
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 experiences instead of hallucinating pleasurable sensations for my self
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to stay sane.  Only seeing other life forms s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 crambling around the rocks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to be my appetizers engender me with purpose.  It paused.  "There is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nothing too peculiar in me wandering around in contradictory paths. All
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 intelligent creatures are the same. Boredom drives them to reshape
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their environment to \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 serve their petty and selfish goals. This might be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 entertaining for higher creatures but it's an absolute curse for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 highest."  It wiggled its face and then pointed with an arm.  "I must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 relieve your mind of worry.  As they say, ignorance is bliss. You \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 little risk of finding boredom so insanely strong even if you stay
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bound to noodles all your life.  Boredom makes me curious. I want to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know many things.  I want to know about you boys."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You are a bit like our guardian, aren't you.."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 if that is what you need-- a surrogate uncle: that is what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I'll be."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      His vision, his mosquito-uncle and deus ex machina, smashed like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fly against a car window.  Jatupon was exhausted and his mental
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alertness relaxed in preparation for sleep. In a R\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 EM more troubled,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 incoherent, and weltering, there were flies seemingly caught between a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 window and a screen. The screen was opened a crack and yet the crack
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 only demarcated freedom and the self-imprisonment of the mind for they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 climbed around the screen a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nd yet never found that opening that had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 allowed them to enter.  Then there were rocks with a bit of honey and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 flies swarming in it; and himself echoing the mosquito's question on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 how the three of them would be making a living.  He disparaged himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 by ca\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sting that self as a cartoon of a motorcycle taxi driver sitting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sidesaddle with a group waiting patiently in a queue for customers to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 arrive.  Stationary with time passing amuck, and content with empty and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 drowsy space and flies buzzing about his face, hi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s life defied money
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and motion.   "Get out of the way.  If you can't fasten a doorknob take
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a broom and sweep up that mess in the back of the restaurant.  I don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know what you are going to do when you get older.  You can't even cook.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  You can't do anythin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g and even walking you trip over your own shadow,"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 said his father. "You should see his cartoons," said Kazem.  "The boy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 can draw." The cartoon of himself had signed the wedding papers and he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and his cartoon wife were standing near a monk as relatives came\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with bowls of water rinsing their hands.  Flies buzzed around their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 faces.  A worker, selling Buddhist statuettes, necklaces, and rosaries,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 picked her child up, pulled down his pants, and let him urinate in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 parking lot.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Love," said the cartoo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n of the mosquito, "makes up the vernacular
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of pop culture.  It is innate as a quest.  It lances life's old festers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 granting a mood of the new.  For the male it is a consistent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alternative on nights when the hunt for new females becomes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 unsuccessful. Both \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sexes need to believe that their own physical
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 attributes will be passed on to posterity. For sociable creatures the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 illusion of having a permanent foundation for their lives in marriage
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and family is indispensable. So much goes into this ineluctable lure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alled love and marriage: most of all a void so enormous that we chip
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 through other skulls to record the memory of ourselves in that watery
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mass called a brain. On overpasses and sidewalks you've noticed those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 weak starving dogs with patches of fur missing \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from their bodies. They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 too sniff around other dogs in the hope of confirming and making some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 permanent documentation of themselves on those brains.  Even if they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 don't have energy for sex they still document themselves. Men are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 programmed to deliver the r\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aw material of themselves in any dark alley.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  A woman's love, once devoted to he who has pierced into her-he who has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 engendered in her that overpowering feeling of one inside her-- now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 devotes herself to motherhood and seeing that the child is...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      His \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ideas were erratic.  They hopped and skipped over each other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and he held tightly onto parts of the clothing he lay on.  Then with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 photographic images, he dreamed of trees, waterfalls, and Thai islands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he had never seen before and his hands relaxed their gr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ip on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clothes.   There was a panoramic view of Thailand-rural, Khmer and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Burmese individuals smiling in the northern regions and stolid Moslem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and Indians in the south.  The rural views in sunrise and sunset were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more real than reality and then the aer\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ial focus went down and down and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 veered back up to the center.  It was Bangkok again and there was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Lumpini Park.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       An unknown girl was sitting on a mat in the gravel in a far
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 corner of the entrance to the park.  Immediately behind her was the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gate and \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in front of her was a large statue of King Rama V.   A car
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 entered the circular drive that went around the statue.  She got up to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 guide its driver where to park. She hoped that by helping to ensure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that he didn't crash into parked cars that he would pay he\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r a few baht
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as others had.  She did not beg.  She did not prostitute herself. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 only did that.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I could do something like that.  It's honest," thought Jatupon.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  She continued to use hand gestures as the driver backed up according
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to her directions.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   "This is a good girl.  I want someone like that to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 become my wife," he thought.   No sooner had this idea come to him than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the car sped up and ran over her. Then it stopped and the driver
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hurried out. The driver held her in his hands and Jatupon felt her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pulse.  There was none and he dropped the arm.  He walked through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gate to a woman sitting within the park on a sheet on top of a grassy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 knoll.  He sat on the sheet in front of her and before the spread of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fortune telling cards.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't see much \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 future in it" she said.  "Being in love with an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 elder brother.  There is no future in it from what I see."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Those are just cards.  How would you know?" he whined
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, those are just cards but you don't even need to look into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the cards to see som\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ething like that."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "How should I live?  He's had sex in me.  I should kill myself.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A boy fucked in the ass can not be a man."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, probably not; but you must continue to be the best of what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you are.  Man, yes, some-a few-- might say.  Some would\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  say something
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 less than that.  Whatever you are, maimed or full, you have to continue
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to continue.  We all should go through the whole show until the winds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 carry away our ashes and the soul returns for more learning, more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 suffering."
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2               \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                              Chapter 5
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Bound for his uncle's home in the far north of the city, Kazem was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forced to reposition himself in the back of the bus next to a bucket of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 swishing water and rags.  He swatted the mosquito that was hovering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ove\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r its sodden progeny.  He beat it towards the baldheads of a couple
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of monks in front of him who had usurped his seat impudently. From his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 new and more uncomfortable seat, which often lost its cushion as he sat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there, he looked out of the window and tried \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to beat back the inferno
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of hate for Kumpee that flared in the nerves throughout his body. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stared down at what appeared as the moving edge of the road from which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 businesses and pedestrians, from the corner of his left eye,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ricocheted.  He fingered a sli\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t of the vinyl blue upholstery of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cushion in a vaginal preoccupation passed onto males through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inheritance of this cellular knowledge called sexual instinct.  Low
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 levels of guilt oozed from him more subtly than foaming breakers of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beer in a mug and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  yet he didn't feel that he had done anything wrong.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      This moment was no different than other times of malaise in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 past. He wasn't specifically troubled about the fruition of his wanton
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fantasies to meet his uncle in the hope of using him for some m\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oney.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Money should never rest.  It should be spent or invested.  If it were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 invested it would be used to make more wealth or for philanthropy that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ameliorated thievery.  He agreed in a vague way with Kumpee who vaguely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inveighed something to the effect tha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t a bit of money from a more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 affluent pocket into a poorer one helped the economy and was a just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 act.  Likewise, he was not bothered by the release he had gained
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 earlier in a bit of sex with his youngest sibling.  This activity was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to him just an extension\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  of a back rub in a good massage compounded in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a bit of sportive wrestling.  It was a due owed to him for undergoing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the stress of looking after the younger brothers and keeping the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 principle of family alive. He was acting his part of the big brother no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 di\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fferent than he always had since Kumpee was continually negligent in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 performing the role. There were no specifics to this malaise he felt.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The malaise was brought on by the wistful craving to go beyond the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 confines of his containment and yet reality, petty\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  and limited, told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him to use what was there under his feet, in his sight, and what he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could touch. A man in the confines of his life used what was under him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  What being did not use the Earth?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He continued to finger the slit of the vinyl blue upholst\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ery in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vaginal preoccupation. He wanted to feel beyond the hole of malaise
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that was as empty as the hollow whistling of a wind through a cracked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 door or that numb sensation of lying alone, the fantasy of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 masturbation eluding him, and his semen flowin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g on his skin in a last
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vestige of a river. Using others was as unconscious as a reflex but the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 malaise came into the equation when he saw what he had to use.  Why
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 didn't he have money to wine and dine a female in the mating protocol
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like any male black-ti\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pped hang fly?  Why did he have to cajole, beg,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or charm an avuncular affection from this remote individual who wasn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 related to them by blood?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He began to stare at the driver and a boy who sat near the front
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 window in a padded hump that went over th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e gearshift.  It was just like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seeing a self in miniature that had gotten lost and ensnared in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thickets of time: father driving the bus and this boy seated on a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 padded metal covering that went over the transmission.  At times the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boy touched the clutch\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  hoping to one day guide the mammoth beast like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his father (the boy believing that his father was the perfection of all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 things possible). A plastic red container of ice and water was on this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pedestal where the boy sat and from it a straw stuck out of the l\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 id and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he drank and ate fish chips that were in a plastic sack.  He just ate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and drank as the bus circled around its route of the city.  How drab it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all was but for a boy and yet believing his father to be the perfection
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of all things, such self-restraint \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was possible.  Their father had had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 such a job when Kumpee was a young boy.  For a year or two of such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 journeys, sitting there with the highest admiration for a father, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was filled with the highest love that was initiating him into the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 positive dimension\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s of manhood and responsibility.  When his father
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lost his job and worked on the street alongside of their mother, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 launched his tirades against the younger brothers who were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "suck-calves" on his wife.  He hated their neediness and as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 spankings conti\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nued, Kumpee began to oppose these gestures.  Such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 self-abnegation caused him to become the full brunt of the beatings.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Having been given time alone, Jatupon scraped up his stolen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 collection of loose change and ran off hand in hand with his freedom.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Having no responsibilities for the first time in his life apart from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the night sports that usually happened in the mornings, his life was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 becoming a purposeless abyss.  He personified his freedom and together
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they broke beyond small basement windows and im\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 agined portals to real
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 places.  Together, they went to see the life that fulminated within the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 streets of the city of Bangkok.  Kazem was gone so they did not have to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be there to hear his expletives about the older brother's thievery and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the younger brothe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r's disappearances.  The disappearances were ones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem attributed to Suthep chumming up with Kumpee to have a bit of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 money to play snookers. For hours and hours they were lost in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 movements of traffic, the brown and Chinese faces, movements of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stranger\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s on the sidewalks, and the swirl of infinite numbers on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 quest for money, happiness, and adventure.  He read faces and movements
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from his spreading feelers. They too wanted money bestowed onto them to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 squander at will in all forms of self-indulgence.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They too wanted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 squelch their routines to live their dishonorable lives in the quest of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sensuality.  To have resources and freedom to run around loose as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 goose in a department store was something they all yearned for and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seeing these pedestrian shoppe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rs of the sidewalk, with more money than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he, made the boy hunger for better things.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Freedom was becoming old as he continued to walk with her into the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 crowds but she rejuvenated lasciviously when his eye spotted someone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not in the shopper's swirl. The\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  cravings so attractive to Jatupon were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 missing in those deadened eyes and passing from him he fell into the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 others. Membership was free.  It was lack of hope that was given so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 generously to the majority of the world's populace that was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 indispensable to th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 em.  Lurid as family, fetid as Kumpee's shoes, here
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they were and here he was with them; and yet they were his own or what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he assumed was his own--the little that he knew of himself.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      It was a family of addicts, addicted to family or even a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 concoction \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of family, cobbled together within the affinity of pain and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the tangles of neurons like brambles pricking their consciousness with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 old travail at every turn: memories that they couldn't free themselves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from.  Within this desert of cacti and brambles they p\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oured destructive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chemicals and suicidal inclinations to kill and enlarge their brambly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 world. They were landscape artists of their personal deserts: hating,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 destroying, and replanting their cacti and brambles with each new whim.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Here he was with a new fam\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ily--a mosaic of complete strangers who were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not related to him nor were they relating to him or much to each other.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Still, it was a surrogate family nonetheless succumbing to an infinite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 current of darkness to which they all had understanding.  In many w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ays
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they were wiser: they knew that the insatiability of desire that made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one propelled to breed, work, and buy was not going to stop.  They knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that no one in such circles was going to find contentment.  They were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all going to fail miserably. They knew t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hat there was a deep discontent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the human psyche that yearned for destruction and death. In the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 course of being degraded by significant others they had somehow gotten
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 excluded from the participation of such narcissistic, consumeristic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 appetites and that\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the salvation of compassion would not be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forthcoming.  This benign pastel family sat together on the slab of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cement under the overpass while over them, on the overpass itself, were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the trinkets sold by salesmen, homeless elderly women, mothers, those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stunk from being unable to bathe off their rotting surface of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scaling skin, and deformed slabs of flesh spread out on parts of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 overpass with fidgeting partial limbs. They all had nearly empty cups
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of one baht coins and the most unfortunate of them coul\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d testify of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dark currents deeper than regular people could imagine for one moment.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They, his surrogate family, knew that there was not just one blackness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but despair had myriad blacker and bleaker hues.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Under the steps of the overpass sniffing his gl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ue while these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 transients already riddled in amphetamines and alcohol (at times
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 borrowing his glue) smoked cigarettes incessantly, his mind swept away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from him like a butterfly fluttering by.  When he first met them in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this spot their first words were to o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ffer to him cigarettes but he told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them that if he were to put one in his mouth it would remind him of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fetid one with his fetid shoes and socks littered everywhere, the one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who had stolen his parents property upon their deaths and had abandoned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them to\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  starvation in the great city of Bangkok.  These transients had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the understanding and listening skills of trained psychologists and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 offered unto him a piece of bubble gum instead which he gratefully
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 accepted.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Still, a thought preoccupied him off and o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n. He wondered why they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were all seated there in such a confined space; but within a few hours
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the storm clouds moved overhead and the rain deluged the streets making
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him forget about one man complaining of his jock itch and scratching
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself, another tha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t cried and looked up into the clouds, and a third
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that kept wanting to barter off his torn sandals for Jatupon's sneakers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and kept calling him "uncle" even though he was ten or fifteen years
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the older brother.  Across the road he occasionally saw umbrella\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s sail
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out to the gray of the clouds.  One of the other five transients was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 repulsed by a spider that crept onto him in its effort to escape the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rain, cursed at a rock in his shoe that would not leave the obscure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 crevice of the sole, and then in one of his\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  shifting moods made a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 declaration of happiness that they had found such an inconspicuous spot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 where the police rarely harassed them.  The woman transient gave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 herself to her man so completely that when he was angry, happy, or sad,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she was more this way--s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o little did she understand her own mind,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 having become nothing but an extension of his pleasure and pain.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Sometimes silent and tacit, these transients who were continually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 judged by others, judged the sincerity of his callow rebellion with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their star\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 es.  A few times they went beyond that to a more pronounced
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 judgment.  "Don't you have a mamma to go to?  Your mamma's calling for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you to come to lunch," said the one with the woman.  That time the shoe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 barterer laughed so hard it churned up mucus into his\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  mouth, which he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 spit into a crack in the sidewalk that already had its share of gum and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cigarette buds.  "Mamma's calling," said the woman.  "Lunch is ready,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 honey. Mamma's calling," she repeated or at least he thought she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 repeated.  Maybe none of them ha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d said anything.  He wasn't quite sure.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon turned away from them and slipped off his tennis shoes,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smelling their soles to make sure that they weren't overly fetid.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 looked at one of his bare feet composed of roadways of veins and early
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wrinkl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 es of epidermis.  He thought to himself that an unrecognized
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 universe had existed right there in his shoes.  He sniffed his armpits.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They were fetid as glue but he liked the transmission of the sweat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 molecules up his nostrils.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He deeply inhaled the gl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ue and then held his breath allowing the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fumes to permeate within. He repeated the process four or five times
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and for the most part he, they, and all went away in a haze.  It was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like being blindfolded but instead of darkness there was a soft patch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of whit\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e haze. At first it startled him and he wondered if this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ethereal gaseous mist was Saddam Hussein's lethal spray upon the world
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and yet he felt giddy in this laughing gas. When his mind was able to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 register the fact that they were seated next to him, the h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aze made the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 man and his woman, the shoe barterer, the sky crier, and all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (transient and non-transient, imagined and remembered) such special
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 creatures.  These transients were sordid and brainless but, especially
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the intense inundation of fumes they wer\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e the most extraordinary of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 life forms. He was almost moved to kiss each of them on their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 foreheads. From this pillar of light the mosquito, dressed in Buddhist
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 attire and carrying its mask, came with the force of God.  Its feelers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were like acid and when \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they touched Jatupon his clothes seemed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sizzle and burn away.  He was naked with a smashed ant sandwiched
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 between a fingernail and skin.  He remembered that a minute earlier he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had been trying to direct it away from his leg and in his clumsy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 misdirectio\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n at the appearance of the pillar of light there it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 under the nail curled up in fetal agony.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      As the mosquito slowly descended he could see tragedy more clearly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 than he ever did when not snorting the fumes, and yet it rolled off his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mind weightless\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ly. He was giddy in brotherly love and yet naked, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanted to copulate with the world.  Even more, he wanted to reproduce
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his ideas with her. He sensed that all humans fell victim to this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 substance: they got giddy in love and reproduced, they gained meani\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in their lives from this feeling, and then after nature got them to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beget children, she plugged up the dopamine somewhat like the waning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 high he felt with his brother. He felt the insect monster inject him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with the malaria of tragedy: random images were\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  kicked about in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mind like starving dogs allowed to propagate on the streets incessantly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from the non-interference of Buddhist principles.  He saw all the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 suffering species from an aerial perspective for he was being carried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around on the wings of the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mordant mosquito that had scooped him up on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 its back. Buddha knew that tragedy abounded in recycled life but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon could not figure out if Buddha tried to break the recycling of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 life like a coward who couldn't endure pain or if he left his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 protective pal\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ace to understand the magnitude of human suffering for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the masses.  The story was full of contradictions. He thought, "Where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 are you taking me...straight...now spinning...now plunging...more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 G-force than I think I can stand."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "Into yourself," it shoute\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "That's a cruel place to be," Jatupon said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, it is," admitted the mordant entity.  From their distance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 distinct forms were difficult to ascertain but he knew that he was far
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 outside himself and to be outside of it into a world of motion a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nd
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forms made him feel relieved.  But from a couple of indecipherable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forms in movement he halfway made out and half way imagined a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 half-naked baby crying on the outskirts of a park.  It crawled alone at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a distance from a cook.  The cook halted her work to\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  get him.  He cried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 loudly at each initiative at trying to appease him.  He didn't like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being held.  He didn't like the banana put in his hands. Finally, she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 placed him in the bucket of water that contained her dirty plates.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "So innocent and yet calcu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lating," said the mosquito.  "It was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanting in that tub of water all along."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Oh, do you see them too."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, not really.  Anyhow, based on what you see, wouldn't you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 agree?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Agree that he crawled away so as to cause his mother to put him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n the water?"  He laughed.   "No, he is just a baby.  I don't think he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is that developed.  I don't think he is that self serving."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Are these two forms you are now seeing outside of yourself too?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 asked the mosquito.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Of course," he scoffed but h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e did not know.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Then he was descending or falling --falling in a diagonal descent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on the mosquito's back, falling onto its feelers, and falling from it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 entirely. There he was a brown boy in the pool on the roof of The Mall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Ayuttaya with goggles on his\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  face and wearing spandex swimming trunks.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He looked so fashionable despite his poverty but the poor and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 discontent always found their stealth means to master petty thievery
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and a sullied self-image was easily forgotten.   There were imitation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mountains an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d waterfalls all around. He swam to the opposite side of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the pool and said hello to a foreigner who sat on a rock letting the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 force of the fall hit his feet.  The foreigner ignored him and again
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 started swimming his laps.  Then, feeling that he had been ru\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 de, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 returned to the boy and asked him his name. The boy smiled and said an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 easy two-syllable name, Nawin. It seemed like an easy name for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 foreigner to remember. After an uneventful attempt at conversations in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 two different languages to which neither p\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 arty could understand the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other one, the foreigner swam off.  Still the boy was persistent,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 swimming over to the foreigner when he rested.  This prompted the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 foreigner to go to the locker room to change sooner than what he would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have done otherwise.  The b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oy followed him.  He accosted him while he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was at the urinal and looked down onto him.  He tried to come in when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the foreigner was in his cubicle taking a shower.  His motives for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doing so were ambiguous ones: he wanted a foreigner friend even if this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 man \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was so much older than he was, he wanted to really learn the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 international language, and although he did not really have sexual
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 feelings he would have done anything for a bit of money.  As the man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dressed on the bench Jatupon, the boy, put his hands togeth\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 er in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mendicant grasshopper pose with palms sandwiched together and held
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3060\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 
before his face in the "wei."  He opened his hands with the opening of
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the wallet.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      A door of a shower booth opened.  It was the mosquito drying
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself with a towel.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Noth\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing like a good swim followed by a warm shower.  You got to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 meet an old friend today.  That's nice.  Earlier you never mentioned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this memory.  I guess it wouldn't have been a particularly flattering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 portrait to share with anyone.  It borders on prostitutio\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n.  Just when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I was feeling sorry for you as the abused brother I learned of this.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It adds a more complex intellectual dimension to your character, don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you think?  It makes you less moronic somehow."  Jatupon felt a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 metamorphosis and returned to his 14 y\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ear old body.  Again he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 riding on the mosquito's back naked as a blue jay and his hair dripped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 water.  He couldn't confirm or negate the previous memory.  It was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vaguely familiar.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Don't you believe that was you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It doesn't matter," Jatupon\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  said indifferently.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You don't think so?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No it's not, is it?"  He began to choke on his saliva. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 coughed.  "Why?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Oh, dear.  Are you okay?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes. Why?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Why what?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why is the self such a fearful place?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why not?" \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 said the mosquito.  "Alone, shut up in one's own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hardened shell there is no logic--just passions running amuck."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Tragedy and suicidal wishes clogged up his head.  He did not like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seeing bits of himself crawling around naked as a baby's ass.  He hated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wondering if any of his brothers would come back to the apartment or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fearing having to beg alone.  He got up.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Did you decide to finally go back to your mamma?" asked the man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who had the woman resting her face in his lap. The woman picked a wild
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dand\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 elion from the crack in the sidewalk and then reached her hand up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to Jatupon's shirt.  She put it in his pocket.  "Here is a flower for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Mommy. You can give it to her when she fixes you supper."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "My mother's dead" yelled Jatupon with vehement hate and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 repugnance as he wadded up the flower in a fist and threw it onto the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sidewalk. Then he walked away.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      A tuc tuc driver, slowing down in passing, beeped the horn at him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The taxi looked like the distorted shape of a fly.  He wished that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had just a ch\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 unk of the money Kumpee had plundered.  With it, he told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself, he would buy his own motorcycle and become a self- employed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 taxi driver for his age surely restricted him from getting a job with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the Bangkok Metropolitan Authorities. This, he told himself,\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  would be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 far better than sitting on the monkey bars near the door of a bus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clanging the tube of money upon one's knee.  Besides, he didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 especially want to be one of the many nameless beggars applying for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 jobs with the Metropolitan Transportation Author\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ities.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       He veered somehow from the sidewalk into a labyrinth of outdoor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hallways that ran between stands and quasi-stores, under canvas
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 canopies and through the smell of incense that came from a table that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 contained a 2-foot Buddhist statue.  Upon fin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ding his way out by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 charging through crowds and hangers of clothes, he heard the blaring of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pi phat music, saw a vegetable market, and smelled redolent papayas,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 durians, watermelons, pineapples, guavas, and tangerines.  Further
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 along he smelled tom yam sou\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 p, grilled squid, goo-ey tia nam (rice
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 noodle soup), khow laad nhaa gai (rice with chicken and bamboo), and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other dishes in an outdoor restaurant.  He passed silk stores, jewelry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stores that catered toward ruby and sapphire-loving foreigners, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fast food\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  restaurants.  Then he went into Robinson Department Store.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      In the restroom he relieved himself at a urinal that was furthest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from the cleaning lady since her mopping presence there made him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nervous and had the possibility of clogging him up.  Then he\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  sat down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the food court.  His head was in vertigo like small children turning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 themselves around in the grass or the routine of one's petty kinetic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 life.  He often noticed affluent men walking around with girlfriends or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wives in that male gesture of the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  hand of one arm clasping the other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 arm behind the back. The gesture conveyed that they were beyond the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 third world now.  They had money, Bangkok had everything, and they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would shop as befitting their status.  He wanted to be them.  He wanted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out of his ow\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n skin to be a different person entirely but there was no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 exit for him in fast motion.  The only consolation was in always
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 evolving beyond that one seed, that one dividing cell that had started
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his life.  There was still hope.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2        He saw a father and tw\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o girls with their many bags.  He wanted a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 father like that instead of the one who had made him afraid to stand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 up, sit down, comb his hair, put on his pants, talk, or be silent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 without being excoriated. Only arduous work had offered him a respite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from tha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t man's criticism.  Only work had offered him that escape from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being the cockroach running from his heels. Family wasn't so ideal.  At
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 least his wasn't.  He was always cravenly scurrying away from one or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more of them and vibrations they made. His mind spun\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  around more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wildly.  He kept wishing that it would stay stolid and poised as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 statues of the Garuda and Kinnara, mythological creatures that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 permeated Thai art, literature, and dance.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       He tried to focus in on beautiful ideas of family.  He tried to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 br\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eathe them in like the smell of drying clothes in the breeze or the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smells of life replicating itself eternally in the verdant greenery on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the outskirts of the city.  All he could do was summon memories of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kumpee and their parents incessantly driven toward\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  chasing any scheme
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that would put a few extra coins in their hands; Kazem's secondhand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 treatment of his destitute brown Burmese woman a couple years earlier;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Suthep whom he shared certain childish sympathies; and Kazem who was }{\cf6 
\par }{\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his protector.   His head h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 urt and span: in school, out of school,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 struggling for subsistence as a group, the heads of the group dying,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the move to Bangkok, and a thousand phantom faces that plagued his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mind, exacerbating the throbbing. He tried to think of monks in their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 saffron ro\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bes with strapped metallic bowls dangling from their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shoulders in which shopkeepers requiring blessings placed rice; the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sweet taste of rambutans when the spiky core was broken and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 transparent succulent egg was overtaken; and motorcycle taxi drivers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 th cardboard and pop bottle games that, with the tap of the nails of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their fingers, kept their time of waiting from overwhelming them in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boredom.  A persistent fly over the table made him nervous and he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought that perhaps to counter the truths his subcon\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scious spewed out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the form of the insect and his own need for stability (not just his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 environment changing but he, himself, was continually changing) he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 needed to invent a god for himself if nothing other than the God of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Dirty Underwear.  The persistent\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  fly continued to besiege him so he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 left the department store and returned to his friends.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The "friends"--he did not know their names--seemed content with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their circumstances. They, like he, were cuddled together under the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 overpass consuming and inhal\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing their amphetamine and glue molecule
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 treats, which inadvertently gave them ice cream headaches. This intake
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 delivered them from bleak realities to that of twirling and dizzy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 children while fantasies stepped forward as emperors of the spinning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 domain. At\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  times when they were more conscious of their existence and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 surroundings (especially when feeling intensely hungry) these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 transients would beg.  They had a method.  If someone in a suit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 carrying a cellular telephone were standing in front of the cash
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 regis\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ter at a nearby convenience store with a long serpentine tail of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 customers waiting behind him, one of them would enter the store.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Shocked by such a lugubrious display and needing to quickly expedite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his exit with his bags, such an individual would give gen\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 erously so as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to not be perceived as parsimonious or niggard in the reaction.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       It occurred to him that this word, "friend," was not really what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it at first seemed.  If indeed people were all users attracted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 others who gave them fresh insight into l\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ife or a respite for escaping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it, these people were dismissed when that resource was exhausted.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Still he wasn't all that fond of them so the issue did not really
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 matter all that much. He tried to smile at them but he could not. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was feeling sick to his s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tomach and their faces sometimes spun around
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in an erratic orbit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2        It was like feeling the rush of air and dizzying changes of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 streets and buildings from the open portals of an old doorless bus that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cast its shadow onto a bridge connecting Pinklao st\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 reet to the area
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around the Grand Palace--how palpitating was this glue and amphetamine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 trip.  At times it was a stronger feeling of thrust and omnipotent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dominion like a surfer who could easily be plummeted by the waves he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was riding.  The waves, however,\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  were verdant and edible. It was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 verdant the way nature at times looked like a green-berry cheesecake,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and bovine, he wanted to eat it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Seated under the stairwell of steps doing nothing in particular,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he at times took out his pocket knife and engraved\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a puppet man driven
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on forcefully by its master to the pleasure and frenzy of rape,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 depositing its seeds in every possible hole (fertile or fallow).  This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alone was his only conscious achievement that day in a drug induced but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sobering mind where subconsc\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ious images usurped their rational rulers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Careful not to look threatening with a knife in his hands, he timidly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scraped out a master controlling the puppet man depositing himself in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that meek lowly being.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                        Chapter \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 6
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2        "Nawin!" Porn whiningly bantered as she confiscated his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 headphones that were plugged into the arm of his seat and punched him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in his chest. "Why aren't you talking to me?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2          "Rachmaninoff," he said.   She did not understand. What did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she k\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 now beyond the kinetic rhythms of pop culture?  It was in her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 blank stare.  The word had not penetrated.  He wanted to tell her.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanted to introduce if not explain something so ineffable and orphic to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 which a mortal could only awkwardly utter that inad\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 equate word,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "beautiful."  He wanted to see the countenance of one being extended.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He wanted to change her and take her far beyond the limits she had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 placed upon herself.  It was the best of him that wanted to bring the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 love of great things to others. It w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as one altruistic motive in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 many selfish motivations for inviting her here. But he knew that like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 earlier, when they were waiting in the airport, she would continue to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bury herself in comic books and the latest American sounds when not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 engrossed in her\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  French palaver with the cassette recorder.  She would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continue to disconnect the ideals and harmonies from the plug in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 arm of his chair.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I want to know what you are thinking," she said.  Her countenance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was puzzled and remained so for a couple s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 econds.  He loved her so much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 then. He breathed in deeply and wished outside himself to the cosmic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forces that she could stay with those features forever: puzzled,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 probing, and beautiful!
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Sometimes you leave me, Nawin, and I want to know \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 where you go in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 those thoughts of yours.  Were you thinking of her--Noppawan?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm always thinking of her.  I'm married to her."  He reached for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her hand but she rejected it and so he smiled brightly, kissed her on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the cheek, and gave her a hug.  "No,\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  I was probably riding in my artsy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whims."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Not a woman."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, actually not a woman."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "That's not natural."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He chuckled. "There are other things than loving people."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "You are an unnatural person, Nawin."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He smiled and thought\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 .  Maybe dopamine, norepinephrine, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 serotonin, the components of love, were at work whenever one cared
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about something.  Maybe being troubled by Palestinians blowing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 themselves up was love.  Certainly Rachmaninoff was love.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Her glasses are ugly, y\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ou know.  They have thick frames and what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 really makes them ugly is that they are dark against her dark skin. No,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what really makes her ugly when she wears them is that the lenses are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thick like binoculars. I bet that even when she removes them every
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 night\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  before she goes to bed she probably looks as plain as burnt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 toast. Your wife isn't pretty, Nawin."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     He chortled.  "You're right," he said as his eyes looked down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shamefully.  He thought about telling Porn that Noppawan never removed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her glasses when sh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e went to bed. It was partly true.  He had even had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sex with her once or twice that way.  Then he had second thoughts and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 decided that some things were better left alone in the dark. "Can I go
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 back to Rachmaninoff?" he asked while mildly shaking his headph\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ones in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the air.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No you can't.  Thanks for asking.  When are we going to New York
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 City, Nawin?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "We haven't arrived in Canada yet."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      She stood up, stretched, and then crawled over his lap
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lasciviously as she looked out of the window. "This f\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 light is too
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 long," she said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Maybe the pilot, co-pilot, hijacker, or whoever is driving can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 park for a few minutes on a cloud and you can get out," he said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       She sat back in her seat.  "I think you are angry at me for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 saying that about Noppawan\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No," he said indifferently.  He liked hearing truth but he felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 guilty being amused by some of it.  He changed the subject.  "Do you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 want to change to my seat so that you can look out?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'd get sick looking out onto that sea of clouds for lo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why do you want to go to New York City?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What's in Canada, Nawin?  It's got a few walking snowmen but what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 else?  Snowy landscapes and cold temperatures good for penguins.  When
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 someone thinks of Thailand it is always Thai silk, temples, B\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uddhist
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 statues, nightlife, and beautiful girls like me.  What is the symbol of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Canada?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Snowmen," said Nawin as he chuckled, "and Canadian dollars."  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was enjoying the conversation.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What are they: these snowmen?  Are they just Englishmen?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "That but also Americans who didn't want to fight against King
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 George...  Frenchmen, of course in Montreal."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why don't they have kings now?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, Canadians do have the British monarchy.  Canada is a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 commonwealth."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He didn't go further\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  because she sighed from intellectual strain.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Didn't you like Noppawan at all?" he asked with childish
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vulnerability.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No," she replied thoughtfully.  "I liked all things about her.  I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 liked her completely.  It is hard to believe that anyone sho\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uld be so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wonderfully odd."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He liked that response exponentially.  He knew that she would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 never say anything so true.    "Montreal will be fun.  A little bit of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Paris and a little bit of New York City."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Laos, Nawin, is a little bit of Paris with\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a lot of dirt poor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thailand."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It will be like going to the Thao Suranari fair in Nakhon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Ratchasima."  That was one of the largest fairs in Thailand.  This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought triggered his memory of a smaller fair in Bangkok.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       This avuncular stranger, a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  member of the parliament and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 former governor of Pattaya, had informed Kumpee that the fair held in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 March was coming to a close this year.  This fair, run by government
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ministries to raise funds for the Red Cross, was near the Parliament in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the area ca\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lled Dusit.  Tickets to enter were sold at 200 baht each.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The two other brothers--all, like him, boys with layers of manhood like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aluminum foil wrapped over the small crumbling pieces of cake that were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 themselves-did not utter questions.  Had Kazem robbed \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thai Farmers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bank, Siam Commercial, and Bangkok Bank entirely it wouldn't have made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 any difference.  The psyche needed a degree of ebullience.  This was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their respite from worries about survival to which drugs or snookers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had been ineffective distractions.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  A bit of it insulated them from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 attitude of doom that would eagerly zip them up into its body bags.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      A woman wearing a pointed straw hat, who had a 2-year-old baby
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cuddled around her neck, thrust herself before them.  She solicited
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them to her tab\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 le of snake blood refreshments seasoned with dried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 monkey brain. She was one well-seasoned in salesmanship.  She knew the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cajolery to lure daredevils who would come to such a fair as she knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the approach to children whom she would sell her krathongs, bana\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 na
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boats of flowers and candles attached to banana leafs and Styrofoam
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sailed onto the river for good fortune during each Loi krathong
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 festival, or Buddhist rosaries and necklaces to old women during
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 religious holidays.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       " Please come over to my table\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 , boys."  They smiled and came. " I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know you.  You think I don't but I do.  I can see into hearts-hearts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanting to be men, wanting to end boyhood.  You've heard those stories
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about men who became more than that from drinking a bit of this.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stories ar\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 en't true.  They are stupid.  Nobody has ever done anything
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like that; but the real parts of the stories are gaining courage and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 strength. My husband was in his teens when I saw him for the first time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doing what you are about to do.  I watched him the way \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 those girls over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there are watching you now.  Anybody would have second thoughts about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this.  Anybody would. It tastes horrible because it is strong in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 courage and strength for those with the courage to drink it. If you can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 do this you will never run away \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from anything again. Instead, you will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have it on the run. This is your only time to conquer your fears and do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 something naughty while the police are sleeping.  Whatever you do, make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sure that you put a few coins in the box to help the Red Cross."  She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 poi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nted at the plastic box at a distant corner of the table.  While
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Suthep inserted a few baht into the hole she directed herself to Kazem.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Are those two your brothers?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes," he said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I know you won't make them ashamed of you. It's just fifty ba\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ht
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 each.  Look.  People are staring at you. You've got to do it.  Drink!"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Drink, money man," reiterated Suthep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       He glared at Suthep. "Hey, I'm not paying for me alone.  I'll do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it for the pure pleasure of seeing you stand there all night lookin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into your cup." Kazem paid for three cups.  Jatupon stood there stiff
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and frightened. Starting from the oldest to the youngest they drank
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 down their beverages.  The liquid molecules of hell were a hundred
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 times that of the airborne ones from Kumpee's soc\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ks and shoes.  All of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them choked and coughed.  All of them swallowed some of the blood
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 heathenishly but spit out most.  It was followed by a sip of watery and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 caffeinated whiskey that had been diluted and adulterated in cola.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Normally such open liquor dri\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nking would have gotten everyone arrested
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 especially when it involved selling to minors but since some of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 proceeds were going into the public fund on this day it was overlooked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  While the brothers were given a second shot of whiskey again diluted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ola, new customers came to the woman anxiously.  She led them to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her table and sat there with the squalling, squalid child.  The baby
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was restless on the apron that she wore.  Conscious of how a repetition
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of her spiel could spell out insincerity and a cus\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tomer's aversion, she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 attempted to wait silently as they debated doing this. She muted the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 child with a firm hand pressed against its mouth. Before she could make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the sell she reflexively responded to the smallest degree of wetness on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the apron and let her\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  child urinate away from the sidewalk and her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 virility stand.  The ground did not eagerly swallow the fetid and sweet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 liquid and his recidivist urine came back to the sidewalk with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 insistence of a foul stream. Past shoe salesmen on a sheet, shoe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 repair\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 men, comb and battery salesmen, noodle workers, and lottery
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 representatives-- unlicensed businesses that abounded everywhere- they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 entered the gates of the fair. At kiosks, the three of them threw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 darts, shot basketballs in moving hoops, and bounced balls \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 walls to knock over bottles for prizes.  They continued doing this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 until the infancy of night murdered the sun allowing it to slowly die,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 languishingly sliding off golden rooftops of temples.  When darkness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 unfolded around them, they paid to see a \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 woman put her face in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 plastic box of scorpions,  elephant trainers whose elephants walked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 over them to enter into the crowds where they picked up humans with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their trunks, and oarsmen in the facsimiles of royal barges competing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against each other.  The b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oats had the same body and countenance of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dragons just like the television shows they had seen of the kings'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ancient boats that were housed in the Royal Barge Museum.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2          The night and its dark appetites were mature in full
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 insurrection.  They had ea\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ten their share of rice and chicken topped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with cotton candy, and yet not cowering, their stomachs craved for beer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 so they headed to a nearby bar.   Before them a child was walking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slowly on the steps that rose up to the bridge that went over a canal.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lammed his fire-snappers against the cement watching the air burst
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 before his feet. They passed him to quickly fulfill the surfeit of beer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that was part of their general yearnings. They yearned for so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 much--these three young men.  They yearned for relaxati\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on with beer;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they yearned for friends and places away from this fraternal group that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they had been conceived into and forced to work with; and, except for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon, they each yearned for a love to come their way so that they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would not be lost in themselves\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 . Jatupon yearned most to be naively
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 complete like that boy they had passed.  Jatupon had once been like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him: fascinated by his own thoughts and sensations and self-contained.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In late boyhood a boy mastered independence that in infancy and early
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boyhood he\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  struggled to achieve.  It was all thwarted, however, by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 upsurge of sexual feelings which made a young man want to bond
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cohesively and addictively to others.  The progress of late boyhood was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 razed in a brief year or two.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2         Strangely, the world w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as a dreamy place and from the modest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 display of fireworks being shot over the canal there was a dreamy idea
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of connectedness and fraternity in the psyches of these young men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 although such ideals varied from moment to moment based upon their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 interpretation\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s of the environment. Lagging behind in serpentine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 movements of dreaminess but eager for connectedness, Jatupon hurriedly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 caught up to his brothers only to lag behind them again.  It was time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for Heineken, Singh, or Bush (not those two presidents).  It was\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to celebrate and dunk the self in artificial dreaminess like one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bobbing for apples.  Jatupon looked up at the sky when he and his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brothers reached the other side of the bridge. Then he looked down at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his chest. A sweat bee hovered over the glands \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in his opened shirt like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an oil worker ciphering the ground. He shoved the industrial exploiter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 away.  He felt awe in how complex it all was: one thing feeding on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 another.  He wondered if, after the immune system conquered a virus, it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 consumed it.  He wond\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ered how much of his parents' bodies would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been consumed by bacteria in decomposition if they had not been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cremated. He wondered if things were so clearly defined.  Maybe a part
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of his parents was alive in ways that could be sensed but never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 understoo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d or explained.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      It was no wonder, as they sat there drinking beer in a pub on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other side of the canal (remarkably able to afford drinking beer at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all) that Kazem was happy: after all, the uncle's gate had opened up to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him when he talked into a spe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aker.  It was also not so strange that his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mood of elation had for a short while, when viewing the scorpion lady,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gone awry. Seeing the son of the Ayutthaya landlord who had rented his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 family that small space for their restaurant was depressing.  There he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was in his fine clothes with his wife and two small children.  Kazem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had thought to himself that as a rich man poverty had not ruined his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inclinations-this man, not much older than himself, copulated in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 right hole.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Suthep, sandwiched between his \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 two brothers, drank voraciously
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 without any strong inclination to run away.  He preferred being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 elsewhere but elsewhere without money was nowhere.  He preferred
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 playing snookers and trying to woo a young girl to be somewhat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 interested in him while playing \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against his buddies.  Here, however, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had no friends.  The city was entirely new and he didn't know anyone.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Once, in Ayutthaya, he had gone with a herd of those wolves to capture
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a park whore.  He and his buddies took her to a cheap guesthouse where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fore\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 igners often went and had their spasms within her. It had been his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 first time. He would prefer to be with his friends but this wasn't so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bad.  Drinking with his brothers was like playing football with them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 once again or fishing with them at the edge of the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  river.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Somewhere into things the beer changed to whiskey and it was from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that bottle of whiskey that the mosquito and his female counterpart
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 climbed out and shook off their wetness. When this canine shaking of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the wetness was not enough, they used t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he paper towels as bath towels.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They were less grotesquely large at this point but returning to their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 monstrous shapes by the moment.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --What was the dinner like that Kazem attended?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --It was not a dinner, but the sip of the man's coffee in the den. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 consequently led to the proposal of a dinner.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --And did he accept the proposal?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --He did.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --On behalf of the family of brothers?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --That would seem to be a correct assessment although the eldest was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not expected to attend. No definitive date was scheduled b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ecause the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senator hesitated about this issue.  It was a tacit declaration that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could only be read in a scarce trace of caution on his countenance.  It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 indicated that he was reluctant to be associated with these thugs.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This irritated Kazem and yet he prete\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nded as if he wasn't bothered by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it.  He probably told himself that he needed the time to rehearse his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lines.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --What would he need to rehearse?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --His part as the benevolent older brother.  He thought he was that but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he had trouble convincing others of its \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 veracity.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --I don't understand.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --A typical female reaction.  Let me be more lucid.  It is my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 impression that he intended to use this first meeting for future ones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 where he could use sympathy as a way of extorting money from the aging
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 man for this group of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  leeches and quasi-pariahs.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  --As Kazem and the senator/former governor of Pattaya/former
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uncle-in-law drank coffee together, what was the lure that kept him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 interested in these boys?  After all, he knew them only by name apart
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from that time or two of bei\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng irritated by their noise when the two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 families came together. That was over a decade ago. Isn't that right?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Yes, you are not ignorant.  It was 11 years ago.  I believe his new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 founded interest in them was what they call empathy?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Empathy?  I know abo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ut that.  It is a rather rare and abnormal form
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of behavior sometimes seen in those evolving beyond their species.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the research I've done on such aliens empathy and compassion seem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to be the only emotions that aren't destructive and hedonistic. In
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sma\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ll quantities all emotions aid judgment calls in social situations
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but unfortunately they are produced and expended in bulk. Unlike other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 emotions that are rampant, empathy and compassion tend to be quite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rare.  Could you elaborate on his nascent burgeonin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g of empathy for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them and the disingenuousness that prompted it?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --It was no different than their aunt who hustled a marriage out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of him years ago. Kindliness and loneliness, from what I can tell, have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 always been his weakness.  It was a simple calculating\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  maneuver on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem's part, really. Kazem affected being uncomfortable and shy.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 waited until this uncle asked directly about his circumstances and then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he gave a modest biographical summary of their move to Bangkok after
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 selling their parents assets.  H\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e was careful not to mention Kumpee,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the need for money, or any real description of how they were living.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The uncle's attempts at finding out information on those putrescent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 issues were only marginally successful.  As a result, it seemed to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senator tha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t Kazem was earnest and unassuming. He became more curious
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and anxious to help these pariahs as a result.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --And can you be more specific on how this was done?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --It's rather mundane. I don't wish to really.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Human studies and our intellectual copulation re\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 quire more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 information. One would have to be ignorant to not know that or male.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --He chitchatted, my dear, in a logical sequence that was a bit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desultory at times. Humans call such an inexact order "variation."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 After he told the location of where they were\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  living and that the move
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had taken place because of Kumpee's desire to be near his girlfriend,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he answered the senator's question on what his brothers were doing in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their state of unemployment (Jatupon with his comic books and Suthep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with his snookers).  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Then he moved to large ideas outside of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 personal life: the upcoming elections for prime minister, the question
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the government's role for the flood victims in Hattayai, and if the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senator would run for re-election in a couple years.  It was done to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 create a mystique about he and his brothers as well as to elicit the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 approval of the senator who preferred people who could break out of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their own skins.  It was deferential.  It was noble.  It was all of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 those things that were manipulation in a consummate\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  performance.  Kazem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 played the part so well that he even began to think that he was this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shy, vulnerable, unpretentious, and caring person despite trying
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 circumstances.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Did he directly attempt to exploit the man's feelings of sympathy for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their plight o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r the senator's loneliness?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --In some respects he did. He reminisced about his mother whom this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 high governing uncle had sympathy.  The senator of course entertained
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this sympathy because his wife (their mother's sister) had always
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 carped, disparaged, and \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vilified her for such a marriage to an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 illiterate street person.  The senator never forgot his sister-in-law's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 birthday even after his divorce. To be specific, Kazem was seated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 before the senator drinking coffee and eating doughnuts when he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ironically spok\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e of how he missed the scents of flowers his mother
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would bring into the home or the smell of a freshly cleaned floor. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 belied the truth of this porcine creature whose domestic tendencies had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 surrendered to male nastiness early into marriage and motherho\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 od. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sad lonely tone resonated with the senator.  It strummed the harp of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his heart.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --What are these three brothers doing at present?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --At present they are drinking beer and celebrating with some of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 money that the senator gave to them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Did the se\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nator give money that quickly?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --No, he dismissed Kazem after tiring of him.  He said that he needed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to return to his work.  And then as the teenage boy was leaving a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 servant told him to return the next day.  It was then that a sizable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 amount of money, by \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the standards of regular Thai people, was given to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Suthep doesn't seem as happy as the other two.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --He is happy with the money and the beer but his happiness sinks down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with the dying fizz of the beer but it rejuvenates again with the fizz
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the ne\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 xt beer.  His behavior can be attributed to a bit of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 repugnance toward the two companions at his table and a bit of general
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moodiness aggravated with alcohol consumption.  He really has been so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moody ever since becoming a teenager. He was so nice to Jatupo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 child.  Oh well, the world is continually in flux.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --The youngest brother whom they sometimes maliciously nickname
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatu-PORN now seems to be sad.  What could he be thinking at this most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 auspicious evening?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --He is thinking of Suthep thinking that th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ese lovers are repugnant.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --And I assume that Suthep is now thinking that he is thinking this.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Now you understand why these creatures never go anywhere.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --How alone these fickle creatures must be never sure of the acumen of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their own ideas.  These ideas \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seem to change from minute to minute
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 based upon the chemistry of the food they put into their bodies, their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 perceptions of their own failures, the limitations of work and routine,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their hormones, the firing of neurotransmitters left and right, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pleasure\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s gained in social interaction, memories from the past, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mood generated from the environment, and the well-being of the body.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 How lost they must feel wincing from their forlorn inner selves by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clinging to others around them.  Is not one of them self-con\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tained?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --No, my dear, I'm afraid not.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Your summary is very orgasmic, my husband.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Mosquitoes 1 and 2 changed angles, this time looking into each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other's left eyes.  They were mesmerized in each other's beings and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their wings flickered from the inter\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nal fire of passively
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 intellectualizing life's energetic insignificance.  Then they looked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 away from each other and breathed deeply before once again looking at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 each other face to face with less intensity.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Wouldn't you say that the older brother, Kazem, \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 possessed a lot of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 effrontery to go to the speaker on the brick wall connecting to a gate,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 push the button, and talk so glibly? Could a clarification be gained on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 how it is that he could have acquired that entrance?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --It could.  Such an individual gained e\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ntrance by stating that his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mother, prior to her death, had prepared a gift for her brother-in-law
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in celebration of the Songkran Thai New Year's festival
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --And what gift did he present to the man as they drank tea and coffee?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --He presented to the man a B\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uddhist necklace his mother had given to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his father.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --And the politician took it?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Not immediately.  He of course resisted; but Kazem argued
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 persuasively that it had been intended for him.  It looked new,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 although the politician wasn't under much of an i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 llusion that it was.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Still, in case it was a gift from the dead, he couldn't really refuse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it.  That would have hurt the brothers and the memory of the woman.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --And as the brothers drink beer together, do the younger ones notice
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that this somewhat expensiv\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e trinket that Kazem had heretofore claimed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as his own and had worn around his neck is now missing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --The more perceptive one called Jatupon notices this and infers that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he really did give a gift to the senator and it was probably the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 necklace.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --They do p\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lay their games of trying to affect future outcomes.  They'd
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be better being as insentient as cows.  The youngest should drink his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beer and be happy to be with the big boys engaging in the naughtiness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of illegal alcohol consumption. Instead he seems worrie\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --He'll be returning like a bound slave.  The noodles will bind him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 once again when the equipment needed for the sidewalk restaurant is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 purchased.  He feels that he did not take advantage of the brevity of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 freedom.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --To do what?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --He doesn't know either\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 .  Even more troubling, he is also assessing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that his brothers are growing up.  He wonders if they will soon desert
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this first family. He wonders if for the pleasure of women they'll
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 jettison the earlier notion of family as insignificant, weighty, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ly to cause them to sink.  He wonders if they will cast it out like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a bad dream that they want to forget. He knows that they are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 biologically driven by hungers like a mouse cognizant of the trap but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eating the cheese anyway.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ---What would he do as a cast a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 way?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Well, there are ways of survival.  One can be out there selling his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 body one moment and then find his head shaved and a robe on what had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been out there as a marketable commodity.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Such a transformation from prostitute to a monk really occurs?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Ind\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eed, it does.  When the goals of money don't arise well from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 prostitution, being a monk is a position that commands respect and an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 escape from destitution.  It has a morose facade but in such a somber
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 demeanor like that of Jatupon it has its own splendor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 -\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 -What splendor can be had in such a pointless and austere profession?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Well for one, a given monk might put on some military clothes and go
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 off to the local masseuse for a Thai massage of the most dissolute
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dimensions.  It is an easy thing for a young mon\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 k to do: just take the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 expense for the whore out of the monastery coffer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --When Buddha was born in Lumpini Park in Nepal was it so that men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 might engage in the recidivism of their animalistic natures?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --All you need to do to answer that question is see the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  types of whores
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 parading themselves in Lumpini Park in Bangkok, Thailand not to mention
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the male prostitutes waiting for money and sexual experiences in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shadows of the trees. Everything changes.  Good men are distorted into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Gods, and philosophy is mad\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e into a sordid religion. Buddhism,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Christianity, Islam, Hinduism-it is all a perversion of the founder's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ideas.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --How do you know these things?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --What things?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --About the meeting with the senator
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --How do I know about the meeting with the senator?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Yes, \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 how do you know this?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --How do I know this? mumbled the mosquito confoundedly.-They are in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon's head.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --And how does he know them?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --How does he know them?  Because of the night when they were drinking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 together...the night of the fair...were you sleep\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing when I was talking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to you?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --No, I heard you earlier.  So it came from Kazem's mouth and Jatupon's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 conjectures.  Those doesn't seem like reliable sources.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --What?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Those don't seem like reliable sources.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The two mosquitoes stared at each other nihilis\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tically.  There was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 silence.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                       Chapter 7
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Childlike, Jatupon had assumed that togetherness, firecrackers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 celebration, and the proud moment of that manly initiation of cold beer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (not that it was his first) to be \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the ending of negative events.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 day had resurrected him the way Kazem had once pulled him out of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lake on the outskirts of the city, Kanjanaburi.  He was wading then in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gradually deepening waters when the sludge beneath his feet suddenly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dipped and \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he was thrust off the precipice into a watery abyss. He was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 just a boy then but one who owed his life to his brother.  When he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 older and they had returned to Kanjanaburi on a two-hour train ride,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem refused to allow him in stagnant waters.  This was\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  fortunate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 since a few days later two people died from a protozoan infection.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem had saved his life in both occasions and delivered his spirit on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this one.  He had never deserted him.  Unlike Kumpee who despised work,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem could have gotten a slave lab\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or position by signing an employment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 contract for construction work where he would have found himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 assigned to one of such places as Taipei or Abu Dhabi.  A few years
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there would have added a solid savings that he could have used for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vocational training\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  that would have broadened his opportunities.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Broadened opportunities and a bit of a savings beneath him would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 provided a chance of luring a woman who wasn't a noodle worker.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Instead, while knowing escape was an option, he fulfilled his high
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shepherdl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y calling.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2        As he entered the basement cell that they lived in, Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 couldn't remember a time more linked in fraternity than this one except
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for the memories of early boyhood. Boyhood was summarized in that one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 photograph Kazem had salvaged out of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a box of pictures that were thrown
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out with so much from the move.  It was a photograph that prompted a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 solid memory (imagined or real).  It was of the four boys.  Jatupon,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 three years old and fully nude, trailed behind.  Kumpee led the way.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kumpee had on\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a cap with the visor inverted to the back of his head.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The four of them were walking down a sidewalk that went along the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 canal.  Immediately to their left and across the canal were row houses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of tiny wooden cabin shacks with metal roofs that housed reside\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nts and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their scavenging businesses.  The four of them were going to purchase
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 some candy.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --They are copulating?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Yes, and he has just awakened from the brother's penetration of him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on the basement floor.  The belief that the world has been resurrected
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  pure and gentle intentions has been thwarted.  His brain waves are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 still discombobulated from the liquor and none of what he is presently
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 experiencing seems real. It is though.  Innocence has been disgorged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like a squeezed tube of love oil in a ride more \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 painfully and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 physically intimate than any intimacy he has yet experienced.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      His head was spinning and he couldn't grab himself in all of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 spinning images: sounds, smells, and visions all spun randomly.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Finally there was a bit of a shape and texture\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  to his thinking and he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dressed himself. He wanted to use the wave of consciousness to exit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --My dear, pain and pleasure have become inseparable in his young mind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  In this act a few minutes ago-maybe a few hours ago-- there was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 yearning for this violat\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ion. The abuse was aggravated by too much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alcohol consumption but it wasn't entirely unwanted. Being a creature
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of habit and addiction, Jatupon yearned for his brother-only his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brother-since he vaguely felt that sexual experiences with two people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 are total\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ly unique and the physiological and emotional feelings his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brother induced could not be duplicated by any other person.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 madness of wishing to be overtaken, however, was confuted by painful
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sodomized lances and an ejaculation of the one who did his str\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ess
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 workout within him.  In other experiences like this one Jatuporn, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they call him, always masturbated to allow the desire to peel back like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a tide but this time his highest hopes were limp like a noodle. He is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 opening the door.  He is glancing at hims\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 elf to make sure that he isn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wearing his underwear outside of his pants.  Now he is outside as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 insentient as a fleeing animal after it has been attacked.  Here he is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 feeling better in the open air.  He is returning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon reentered the room.  For \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the first time, since awakening,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he noticed that Suthep had not returned. He had not come "home"-whatever that word meant.  Jatupon scavenged the pockets of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brother's pants that were wadded in the corner near Kazem's sleeping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 head.  In it was money and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a sheet of paper.  He put it all in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pockets. He got on the first bus he could and paid the ticket salesman.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The idea crossed his mind that being a coin collector on a city bus was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not anyone's best choice. It would be much better to be one of the few
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 men who jumped onto the piers or docks to tie the city boats.  Such a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bangkok Metropolitan Authority would give three brief whistles so the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boat driver would give a backward thrust as he tied it down for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 customers to enter or depart.  He could picture \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself whistling once,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 untying the boat he was assigned to, and jumping onboard at the last
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 possible second.   The second mosquito spread out its wings and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 copiously fluttered them about femininely.  Jatupon began to be a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 little conscious of himself as a \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 man coming out of anesthesia.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --But the instinct of a man is to fight off predators.  Is Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 never tempted to take a knife and slit his brother's throat?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --No, not for the most part, my dear.  He loves his brother; and in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 some ways there is intense int\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 imacy and pleasure involved in the novel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 act that he would hardly rid himself of despite the pain and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 humiliation that is involved.  I explained that earlier.  Were you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sleeping when we discussed this issue?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      There was nothing.  There was movement whil\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e he sat in a city bus.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  All elements had burst out of the Big bang.  All things (even ideas)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were conceived violently in movement.  And so he moved, switching to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 busses only when the former ones parked and all passengers had to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 leave.  He did not know whe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 re he was.  He didn't care. In one bus ride
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he suddenly became sentient to the feel of stiff paper in one of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pockets.  He pulled it out and looked.  It was his uncle's name and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 address.  That was no surprise.  The bus was stalled in traffic.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Riders of \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 busses who were near their destination began oozing out of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them like leaking oil.  He realized that he was on a bus going on a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 street that he had traveled on earlier in the day.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Ajarn, Do you know what street this is?" he asked a monk.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Sukumvit\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 " the monk said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Which soi are we passing?" asked Jatupon.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Forties or fifties" said the monk.  "I really don't know."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon looked at the sheet of paper.  It read, soi 51 Sukumvit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Road.  He got out and ten minutes later he was standing a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t the wall of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the opulent mansion that Kazem had stood at.  He didn't stay long.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 needed to go to the bathroom.  He didn't want to wet his pants and he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 didn't think that being a distant relative with a hangover and urine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 splattered pants would be very i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mpressive to the senator.  In a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bathroom at a KFC he looked at his face.  It was of a dark Laotian or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Khmer.  He was from a family with the last name of Biadklang from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 North.  His face was as dark as the soil. He looked into the mirror.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Just with the a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mount of light, darkness, or expression one appeared
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like a totally different person from one moment to the next.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Where do you want to go?" he asked the reflection in the mirror.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "To Sanam Luang to see more of the kites" the reflection said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2    \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   On the bus ride to Sanam Luang he had to stand.  He noticed the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other people.  They were also wistfully discontent for their own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 personal reasons.  They wished to sit down when the space was congested
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and there was nowhere to sit; and in times of sitting\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  they yearned to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have vacant seats next to their own so that they would be free from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 having to sit next to strangers and could have a little area of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 own to monopolize.  They were all so petty and he told himself that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 did not want to be like that.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      At Sanam Luang he bought a kite from a mendicant kite salesman.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Feeling chagrin that the forlorn child within him had taken over his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thoughts instead of the man, he flew his kite in a more obscure area.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He was somewhat relieved to find an innocent ple\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 asure to engage in.  A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 half hour later the child diluted into his manhood and there he was in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 full embarrassment of himself.  So he reeled in the kite and sat down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on a park bench.  A sidewalk salesman smiled at him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      On a rug this mendicant had six-in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ch motorcycles crafted from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bamboo.  Nobody knew the art of a smile like the people in the Land of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Smiles.  Toothless as babes they contrived smiles with the curl that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 has distinguished a smile from a bite with a full opening of the mouth.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thai infants and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  toddlers knew.  They intuitively knew that with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 enough naughty actions a toss into the trashcan was not inconceivable.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They intuitively knew big sister would be sold off to a man when she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 turned 14 and the fetus that was little brother or sister had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forced out by deliberately rowdy sexual liaisons, making his or her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 exit no different than menstruation.  With enough shaking of the can of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 soda pop all beings disgorged the same when the tab was opened.  Thai
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 babies knew.  They had their instinct to smile\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  because of the cellular
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 replication planned by the DNA architect who made all Thai babies the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 same as an American subdivision.  How gullible was a human to the wish
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of being struck down with pleasant feelings.  When a mendicant salesman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with teeth sparkle\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d them from his tanned face even an impoverished Thai
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 couldn't resist the inclination to buy. It was the congenial feeling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more than the product itself that a consumer wished to gain.  Consumers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bought to get a fuzzy feeling and forget the hostile 9 to 5 w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 orking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 world (9 to 9 Thai time). How manipulative were the benevolent lies of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thais in the business of survival.  Jatupon bought one of those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 purposeless products.  He argued to himself that he could put it on a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shelf-that is, if he had a shelf to put it o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      On the bench he pulled out of his book bag the Lao classic, "Thao
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nok Kaba Phuak which in English meant "The White Nightjar."  The back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cover said that it depicted the second queen consort's birth of a bird
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and her exile from the kingdom.  The pref\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ace stated that both Laotian
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 queens had prayed that life be recycled in their wombs but only the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 youngest became pregnant.  At the consort's request, the oldest queen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 blindfolded her when the labor pains ensued.  She solicited the help of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the court magicia\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n in particular to take advantage of the younger
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 queen's squeamishness over the sight of blood by using the time to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 switch the baby for that of a bird.  When the child was replaced the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 soothsayer could then deceive the king by making him believe that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ounger consort had had sexual relations with a foul bird months
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 earlier.  This was not needed since the consort actually begot a bird.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon stopped reading the preface.  It was spoiling the book.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 began to read the first chapter.  "I, who have compos\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed this narrative
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fled far away just like the little one for I, your servant, sleep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alone; I am very lonely, in my bedroom, with my arms dangling empty.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It is destiny that keeps me away and prevents me from embracing my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beloved.  I am here, without my youn\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ger one, since I left my home to go
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 among the Thais where I have no friends..." Jatupon thought about his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 basic nature.  He had lived for 14 years in Thailand but still he did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not feel particularly Thai.  He wished that he had been born in some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other place\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  like America with a nice American family.  As he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 falling asleep he heard the counterparts:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --What will happen to him on that bench?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 -- I can't imagine anything good happening from it.  He could apply for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a job but instead he plays with his kite and si\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ts on the bench.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wants to be an aristocrat.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --You don't say.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Yes, it is true.  He thinks that all whores, laborers, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 professionals are slaves.  He thinks that they all have petty lives.}{\cf6 
\par }{\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --How would he gain such conclusions?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Partly from me.  Part\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ly from the amphetamine-poppers under the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 overpass.  Partly from his own original thoughts. I am surprised to see
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that he is half way intelligent.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --There isn't much chance of him being an aristocrat.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --No, none.  He will soon be accosted.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --By whom?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --By \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a man desiring to have sex with him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Explain this approach.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --The same as any other I presume:  hello, hello, how are you, I'm fine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and how are you. The man will be thinking to himself, while engaging in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 small talk, that he'll put twenty dollars into Jat\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 upon's underwear when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they are alone in his apartment. He will not have any doubts about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being able to buy him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --Just for the feel of human flesh?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --For a human that feel is indispensable.  They are gadabouts and they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 expend themselves in motion as a defe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nse mechanism by which to avoid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their own thoughts.  It is the same for feeling the silk of other skin.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  It breaks them from isolation.  They find their thoughts such a prison.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He and Porn had an American style apartment.  She was content with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it fo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r a few days and then became discontent with the furniture.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chairs and the sofas, despite their padding, were still wicker and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stiff. He knew that having the landlord take away the furnishings and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 using his credit cards fully for the purchase of her w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ishes would not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ameliorate the discontent that all beings had and few could rein in.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He had met her and her mommy on the bleachers of the stadium on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Ramkhamhaeng Road while sketching out a field and trees and yet still
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nawin felt that she did not know\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  who he was.  He went to classes in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 morning and from late afternoon he was busy painting.  He couldn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 understand how she thought that he should just conjure up images
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instantaneously with his brush, spend money, and take her places.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He kept avoid\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing the issue of taking her across the border.  She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had a student visa since she was technically enrolled in a language
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 school (although she rarely attended) so it wasn't in fear of her visa
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 status that made him want to avoid the issue of the border.  He h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ad
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his American passport and yet he still had never spent a day there. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 told himself that he should.  And yet it continued to seem to him like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 such a dreadful place.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He told himself that it had been a mistake to bring her here.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hadn't known how \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 far the campus was from the city.  In part he chose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the location with Noppawan and Porn in mind.  Still, it was a mistake
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and he knew it all along.  In Thailand she had seemed so excitable.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She was a gadabout and she always made friends out of strangers fr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 om
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 adjacent tables in restaurants they frequented. She had seemed so open
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to the world.  Now she seemed like such a Victorian whore, jumping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around in motion but prudishly obdurate to change within.  She was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 conventional-this Victorian whore of his.  Like \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 virtually everyone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 else, she was part of the big band and the universe of movement fully
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cognizant that the most popular and sexy people were the ones who could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 twist and turn with universal movement.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He was the oddity.  This Nawin, the romancer of wh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ores, was all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for show.  Deep inside was not impetuousness but paralysis.  This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 artistic brooding was not part of the natural course of events and who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was he to chastise her normalcy.  He just smiled and evaded her wishes.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                             Ch\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 apter 8
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      A little disparate to the poem, Thao Nok Kaba Phuak, he dreamt he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was a black version of a nightjar cradled by the Laotian queen whose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pigment was as light as a northern Chinese woman.  He suckled at her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nipple with the violence of his beak \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as she scavenged for dew to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 appease the parched walls of her throat and berries that would provide
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her with fortitude against failing strength. Her breast bled from his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 appetites. She grappled with waning confidence that she would find a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 way out of the lab\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 yrinth of trees that overtook her.  She wanted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 kill this disgusting child that by its birth had usurped her of status
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and had prompted her exile from the kingdom.  This feeling embroiled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her psyche but feelings did not thwart her motherly instincts for \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 strange creature that she named Jatuporn.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Then, immediately in front of the park bench there was a woman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 before him who carried two heavy buckets of ice and drinks.  Startled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to an awakened state by the woman asking if he wanted anything to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 drink,\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  at first he gave a negative answer, "Mashai" but then he changed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it into a formal feminine ending, "Ka" which could mean "yes."  How
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 absurd he must have seemed to this woman speaking like herself instead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of using the masculine word, "krub" or the neuter y\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 es-word, "chai," but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at the time, he had thought of himself as a bird when he spoke and so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there had not been any gender confusion whatsoever.  He paid the woman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for a bottle of water.  Then a man with his stinking body holding a bag
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with little bags insid\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e came to his bench. Jatupon bought two of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bags and began strewing the ground a few feet from the bench with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dust of crackers, breadcrumbs, and corn.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He did this slowly while trying to solve his indecisiveness on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whether to stay or go home. Th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e thought of suicide seemed to him even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more repellent than the two major options but it was a tiebreaker he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wasn't going to reject absolutely. He had a pocketknife.  He thought to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself that when night came upon him he could find an obscure area of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a tr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ee's shadow in complete darkness away from the gas lamps and slit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his throat. He looked down.  Pigeons were beginning to come to him and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eat what he had allotted to them.  He liked giving to ostensibly small
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and insignificant creatures.  When the bags were\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  empty he saved himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 by his impetuousness and returned on bus #203.  He dangled from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 steps because of the lack of space provided to him. Standing there on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the precipice of the step he looked in the bus at the crowded Siamese
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 passengers. At moments t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his mosaic fusing of contortionist-bodies
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seemed as a mass of amorphous human flesh, a multi-head, body, and limb
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 monster, which choked air and breath from the bus and, worse, had the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 outline of Kazem.  Bus #203 zoomed along the river and then over the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bri\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dge of the Chao Phraya River.  The cool breezes slapped hard against
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his flesh.  He felt like the 15-year-old nightjar that took its first
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 flight from home, strutting its bird-body independently and finding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 itself watched attentively by the princess, the o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lder queen's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 daughter-- only in his case he was homeward bound and no one was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 watching him.  Matter of fact, he thought, if he were to slit his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 throat his body might after some hours just be kicked off into a corner
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of refuse somewhere to rot.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      When he\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  arrived in the basement cell no one was there.  He sat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 down in front of a strange box.  His kneecaps never splayed in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 normal outward direction of crossed legs.  Moreover, attempted prayer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and television trances in imitation of the usual posture had al\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ways
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brought to him extreme pain making many people over the years perceive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him as someone who was both anti-religious and, worse, counter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pop-cultural.  Kazem and Suthep had vehemently criticized the shoddy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 construction of his kneecaps. Kazem had always b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 een pleasantly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 indifferent to this subject. As always, all he could master before the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 box of chocolate was an irregular sitting posture that looked like the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 letter M or W depending on the perspective; and most likely, and most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 comfortably for him, the lett\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 er N as in Nawin.  It was indeed a strange
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sight: the letter "N" in front of a small box of Russell Stover
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chocolate candies with the parent company of Kansas City, Missouri, USA
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on the label.  Inside, more than half of the chocolates still remained.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 elped himself, almost feeling like an American spreading out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 relaxingly over the world with Thailand and other countries as his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 footstool, carefree and gormandizing chocolate down his gullet. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 almost felt that nothing bad could ever happen to him again. \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he remembered being six years old standing with another dirty boy in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 front of the Dunkin Doughnut shop near a mall in Ayutthaya looking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 through the glass window that was a partition between them and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 customers who were inside. Even more, it was\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a partition between
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 feeling hungry and dirty to the immaculate ones consuming their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doughnuts within.  He made funny faces and danced in front of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 window where a young man and woman sat at a counter looking onto the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 commotion and air pollution of Bangk\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ok.  He pretended to kiss the woman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 through the glass. She laughed and he kissed her more. Then as the man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was putting his doughnut into his mouth, Jatupon opened his own mouth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 widely as if, through the glass, to rip it out of the man's teeth with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his part\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ially rotten fangs. The couple laughed and the man motioned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them inside. They ran in and were given doughnuts.  Like then, sweets
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had an antithesis of meanings for him.  They made him feel as one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the elite, carefree and happy and yet at the same time re\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 minded him of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the disparity to which he was one of the largest masses--that being the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 underclass.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Half an hour later, from his gluttony, the box was empty. He drank
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 some bottled water and fell asleep to more images of Laotian queens
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 walking through co\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 coa fields with their little black birds. When Kazem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 came home with more shopping bags and saw the symbol of a more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 auspicious life that he wished to share with his brothers totally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 devoured by one alone, he wanted to vituperate him if not slap him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a few times.  He restrained himself since, for other reasons, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 did not want him to again run away.  He saw that Suthep was not in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 room for whatever reason and this absence triggered in him a desire to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 molest the youngest. It would be a punishing plea\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sure, a desperate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hegira from one's solitary domain to brief moments of coupling, banging
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 onto empty walls, the release of stress, and the intimacy of "love".
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And yet he again restrained himself by comparing it to the gloom after
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 masturbation.  To Kazem, a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  boy shoved off into manhood, sex with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon was an innocuous pleasure like some marijuana or a brief roller
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 coaster ride but the gloom was of being a puppet of wanton desire for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 something that was far from his ultimate wish. And gloom for a man of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 littl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e self-respect was deleterious.   It was fine for the brain to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forfeit logical restraint for that relaxation of fleeting pleasure that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 couldn't be sustained or for one to use whatever was before him, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 someday he wanted a wife as much as he now wanted to\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  think that he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 living up to his ideal of the fraternal benefactor.  He didn't want his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whole life obsessed by the inconsequential pleasures of his night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sports.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2        Kazem disheveled Jatupon's hair with his fingers and slapped him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on the head.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Where the hell were you all day, you bum?" he asked.  "You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought we'd start work again so you took off." He laughed and sat down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on the sole wooden chair that was the furniture of the apartment.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't want to talk to you," Jatupon said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ought you both some clothes.  I don't know if any of it will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fit since neither one of you came with me.  Also, I had to see a movie
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all by myself.  Suthep could have had some type of a tom yam tasting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 popcorn.  They called it Mexican."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why didn't you\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  get a girlfriend and bring her with you?  Isn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that what they are supposed to do: go with you shopping and to movies?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon sneered.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Kazem felt an icy sword in his heart.  "I wish I could take these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clothes back.  Neither of you deserve anything.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Why don't you get a girlfriend and leave me the hell alone,"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continued Jatupon as he turned over on his side and glared at him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Kazem lit a cigarette, smoked, and blew it into his brother's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 face.  "Because you love it too much."  He paused.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "You're right about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me getting a girlfriend.  I should get a nice Chinawoman like your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brother Kumpee and then run off with her leaving the two of you to eat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 worms from the sidewalk.  What a good idea, Jatuporn."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon turned away from him and feign\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed sleep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Sometimes he hated all of them--they who had made a funny
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vulgarity of his name; Kazem, the creator of the nickname, who solved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his stress by physically accosting him; Kumpee who always flayed and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 flouted him at every chance; and Suthep who \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 treated him with the blades
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of indifference (the worst of all weapons).  He vehemently hated them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sometimes and yet--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He imagined the mosquito speaking to him.  "And yet you'll gain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the antibodies of hard, fortified indifference from the illness of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 te.  It isn't so bad.  It is a practical emotion that has been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 demonized as of late by Buddhist and Christian practitioners although
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thoroughly embraced by the Jewish, Moslem, and Hindu world.  I'd think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it over carefully before exorcizing myself of it.  I\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t is just one more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 darkly pragmatic aspect of life as needed imperatively as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 microorganisms are needed to lunch on the deceased."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't want dark things.  I don't want to hate them.  Tell me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what to do so that I won't hate them."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Hmm...You ar\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e such an idealist.  Well, Suthep couldn't care less
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about you except when he cares to sting you with not caring but he is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the one who taught you to play football and takraw, and although Kazem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 violates you repugnantly in painful tactile thrashings much wo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rse than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kumpee's socks and sneakers ever did to your olfactory nerves he is the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one who saved you from drowning and being beaten to a pulp by your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 father.  Also he probably does genuinely care about family despite his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bombastic proclamations of now being \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the eldest brother.  He is the one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who stifled the sadistic belittling of you that would have pulverized
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your self-esteem to dust had the father and eldest son been left to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inveigh against you incessantly. When you are financially free and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 independent you \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 can kill off all three of them from the present and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 remember the children they were.  Then, you won't hate them any longer.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Maybe then you will even feel love but you will have to kill them off
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 first."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      If only good things beget good things and bad th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ings beget bad
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 things then, thought Jatupon, there would be divine order.  Then, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 invisible presence of God or the forces that be would not matter.  Dead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or bored as God might be, still the laws of the land would have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 laid out like that of a deceas\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed founder of a company.  The principles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of Buddhism would be in place and operative.  But such was not the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 case.  Kazem was not a devil and he, Jatupon, was not a saint.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 loved having Kazem's tongue enter his anus prior to his entrance.  This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "priming \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 up" was a pleasure that he was addicted to have.  Wasn't his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 resentment of his brother this evening more from the fact that such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pleasure had not been given to him throughout the day?  Wouldn't it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have been lovely if he had been made into a sexual slave 24\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  hours a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 day, totally free from logic?  Somehow, he felt that the mosquito would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 agree on this point.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The politician, judging aptly that a deposit of 20,000 baht would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be like asking a pack of dogs to put the chicken in the refrigerator,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had one of h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is aides escort the boys to Chatochok Market which had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 almost everything for their business (woks, burners, gas canisters, ice
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 coolers, utensils, glass vegetable shelves, carts, oil, noodles,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cabbages, bean sprouts, tomatoes, meat, cucumbers, and rice).  I\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one of the world's largest outdoor markets and Thais always gloated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that everything in the world could be obtained there.  The purchases
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were made in double since the senator believed that they needed more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 than one joint livelihood and a hungry pack \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with meager resources
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forced into the same struggle for sustenance would foster acrimony.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hadn't exactly thought that they would be jumping onto the same prey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 viciously.  He didn't really have many thoughts about it. He hadn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 given this issue, or them\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 , much thought apart from how to best unite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and part benevolently within the space of a week if not sooner. This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was just his assessment of males in general.  He saw males in action on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a daily basis in their debates on various bills.  These were rich men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nd yet their lust for sinking their teeth into prey was great.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He did care up to a point.  He felt that he had aggrieved them by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not attending their parents' funeral.  He hadn't wanted the discomfort
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that his ex-wife would feel standing beside him aga\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in. Being human, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hadn't wanted it for himself.  It would have made him feel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uncomfortable and more out of place being there. It hadn't occurred to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him, then, that she wouldn't attend.  Furthermore, from what little he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 believed in Kazem's answers to his \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 questions, he felt that he should
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have protected these three from having their parents' assets sucked up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into some unrevealed bank account.  They had been clinging onto the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 idea that ultimately Kumpee would act the part of the oldest brother.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They had watc\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hed him go away without accountability and did this with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hardly a whimper.  The senator could have taken it upon himself to hire
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an auctioneer and then could have put the money into his own account.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He would have given out the money when wisely warranted. \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He hadn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 acted responsibly and he regretted it.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon stood by, inert and despondent, as these purchases so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 abstract and foreign to his hopes were loaded off onto a mover's truck.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Despite his wish to survive being fulfilled, it was the aristocra\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 life he yearned for.  Only leisure was life.  A laborer was just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 movement and reflexes.  A laborer did not run barefoot through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 weeds and allow the smells to be one with him, transfer the beauty to a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 complex style on canvas when the beauty passed t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hrough his complicated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mind, or attempt to understand why the pollen attacked him like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sickness.  He wanted someone to grant him the honors of placing him in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an orange robe, which he felt he was entitled to have--that special
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 robe not of monks but of the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  type that surely belonged to aristocrats.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He wanted leisure to see the rhapsody of every small movement under the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lambency of both sun and moon.  He wanted to meditate on coruscating
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 city life as the Buddha of Bangkok.  He wanted to be free of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 noodles\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  that were winding about him tightly and to grasp the leisure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that should be his and no doubt was his in an earlier life.  Poverty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ravaged the mind in desperate acts--the mind ached in one continual
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 groan for something within or without that might be sold.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   No
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 appreciation of the present moment could be had in such a state.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanted to know the splendor of the veins of each distinct leaf towering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 over him.  Still it had been determined by the powers that be that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would float between the businesses of th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e two brothers who would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their separate livelihoods in different parts of the city.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Still, there was something to be gained in being so lost from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 memory and he was inured to being forgotten.  The baby of the family
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that he was, he had been pulled\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  out of a cranky woman tired of having
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 children and responsibilities.  Nursed and taken care of like any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 child, still as the years passed he often felt guilty for being his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mother's burden and his attempt at being his mother's little helper did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not engende\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r her appreciation. Forgotten again this time, he would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nonetheless be the instrument that fused the two carts into a family
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 business and he could get along with both all right, he supposed. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 didn't think that his brothers were so different than himself:\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him, they would work hard and feel themselves, at times, strangled in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 noodles.  Suthep would be seeking an alternative being in video games,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 snookers, Thai boxing matches, and movement; and Kazem would seek his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being through sickening carnal releases\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  on his brother the result of an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 imagination that could make Jatupon into one rapturous whore or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 another, and a propensity to always take things apart, beat on them,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and put them back together.  For Jatupon, his escape came in his ride
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of feeling in love (\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tame as it was for new love), comic heroes that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pulled him into more noble pursuits, and dreams of an aristocratic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 life.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      There was a garbled mass of half-remembered faces that gnarled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nawin's thoughts when he woke up one morning.  No different than n\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oodle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 workers toward customers buoying in their brains at the end of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 night, he had to let these myriad faces-most of whom he had encountered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in high school and at the universities he had attended -to gradually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 subside into forgetfulness. He sat up in b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed and rubbed his forehead.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His mind felt like one whose shoes were trapped in the coils of fallen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 barbed wire.  He looked at Porn, this woman with whom he had mentally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 signed a contract to serve her needs and she his.  Her hair billowed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against her pillow\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  like feathers.  He thought to himself that she,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being a prostitute, and he actually establishing a relationship with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one, were so different from all other human beings. Maybe they were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 surviving hominids. They were definitely a divergent species of animal\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     He thought about Songkran Festivals.  All of his grandparents were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 deceased early into his boyhood.  In his family there was no tradition
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of each relative taking bowls of water and cleansing the hands of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 older family members and this tradition of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  offering good luck for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 New Year, respect, and deference had never really embedded itself into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his mind as a moral duty. He had never been Thai. Circumstances had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 made him into a hominid. He wondered pityingly about the circumstances
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that had maimed an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d freed her.  He stared at her face with great pain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and pathos.  Tears weltered in the corners of his eyes.  He did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know what to do with this feeling so he buried it and made love to her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  She took him in her mouth.  The quicker and deeper she went the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pleasurable it was. Little did he care if she choked on it. When he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ready to ejaculate he pressed her head so that he could penetrate more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 deeply.  His body had its cellular knowledge that a quick thrusting and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a deep penetration would be more pl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 easurably exciting and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 excitement and especially the depth of the penis in the vaginal opening
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would cause the male to ejaculate more semen that had a greater chance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of impregnating a female. Such was the primitive making.  When his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 savage frenzy had e\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nded he knew the extent of his own selfishness and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was relieved to be exorcized of it.  He felt a humane sensitivity
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 descend on him.  He knew that of all the selfish and negative energies
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that influenced his thoughts, they were, for the most part, not him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With the exception of times of sexual frenzy, he was able to find a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 deep and benign part of his nature and knew it to be the true Nawin,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the artist who drew the oppressed and had sensitivity to the pains of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 others, the one who wanted to enrich Porn and al\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 l he knew intimately in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 truth and beauty.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Perpetually the same, those of leisure yearned each year for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 halting of time and, in dissatisfaction gained from comparing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 themselves to others more youthful, yearned for a return to earlier
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 times of high\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 er pleasures. But it was the laboring classes who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continued to labor in insentience without reflection.  They cooked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their rice and noodles ceaselessly.  They clung to their jobs like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tiny, sedentary, clinging salamanders to windows during a storm.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ound their beings (their minds and the feelings that would be refined
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into thought within them) lost to the reflexes of the day. Months blew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 away like empty bags skidding on the pavements.  Evanescent and mutable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to their ultimate end, their lives passed b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y blandly in dizzying
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 headaches caused by the sun of the weatherless country during the dry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 season.  When the rainy season set in there was the discomfort of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 leaking and wind-swept canopies, the lack of customers, and being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 drenched by the rain; but these \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 issues were minimized by the fact that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 varied weather made each of the days more memorable.  The brothers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 transplanted into Bangkok with a livelihood, continued on as if in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Ayutthaya.  Memory of the uncle's unfulfilled promise of a dinner had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 worn away li\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ke the memory of their parents or the abandonment of Kumpee.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      At first Suthep strutted around in his independence like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dominant rooster but as the months went by the independence underwent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the metamorphosis to loneliness and by 1 a.m. of each early m\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 orning, an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hour or two after Jatupon would leave him, Suthep would often feel the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chill of adulthood.  One late night/early morning as the smoke of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 charbroiled fish and the steam of rice, noodles, and pork soup rose up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the sweat-profuseness of his face and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  into his hairnet, he watched a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 girl giggle and slurp up her noodles with her boyfriend.  He imagined
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all traffic on the streets and sidewalk gone and that there was just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the three of them.  He imagined those customers leaving unhappily.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Then, as they were\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  beginning to walk together, there was a dispute that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 intensified to the point where he attacked her.  He imagined him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dragging her by the hair, slapping her down, and denuding her.  Suthep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 imagined himself walking over toward them and watching their canin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 copulation for a period of minutes. Then an idea possessed him and he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 started up his motorcycle and circled the couple, eventually chasing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 off the body that had been forcing itself into her.  He imagined
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself helping the trembling body of the female d\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ress.  He didn't want
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to cover her but he did it to comfort her so as to gain her confidence
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to obtain a new round of banging that would involve himself and would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 last longer than if he were to force another encounter on her now.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Pleasures that had the pot\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ential of being perpetual were always the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 best. He imagined that he learned about her life with contrived
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sensitivity and with time secured himself as the being whom she yearned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Then the happy couple was again a reality and he was standing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alone \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in front of his cart.  There they were at the table slurping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their noodles joyfully.  Adulthood was the maturity to relinquish the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rebellion against society for relegating one to his petty station in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 life bereft of the pleasures he sees around him.  Being \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wise was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 realizing that most of such pleasures were neither good nor beneficial.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Although Suthep was an adult, he was a bitter man and he bit his lip
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the thought of all the pleasures that were out there waiting for so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 many others and not for him.  He re\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sented being such a lowly clod.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 After the couple paid for the meal and left he sat at their empty table
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 \hich\f2 and looked out across the cars that veered near a discoth\'e8\loch\f2 que until at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 last he fell asleep.  For a moment or two of REM he dreamed of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 youngest broth\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 er dangling by some friend from an open window of an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 appliance warehouse only to have his shoe slip off in the friend's hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and the body unwillingly succumbing to gravity with his force tripping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 off the alarm.  But unlike what really happened two years ag\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon and a teenager once they extricated themselves and arrived in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the big city on a bus, he, Suthep, was the friend and when the shoe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slipped off he laughed and ran.  He woke up, shook off his sleep, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 then began washing his dishes in big plasti\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 c bowls.  He felt a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 loneliness eat up on him.  Each evening it seemed to be exacerbated.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       The next evening he was struggling in ambivalence on continuing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to work or closing early.  Feeling forlorn and lonely, and yet needing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to talk to Kazem about a d\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ecision he had made, he chose the latter.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And when he arrived near Kazem's cart with a hairnet still on his head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem's countenance was at first chiding.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You couldn't have lost your shirt already," he said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Suthep took off his shirt, wadded it \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into a ball, and threw it at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem. Kazem wadded it up and threw it back. Soon the three, in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hairnets, were Thai boxing and laughing with each other.  The few
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 customers they had were ignored. It was dereliction of responsibility.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It was a hiatus. It was ba\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ntering.  It was enjoyment of each other. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was a bit of love followed by the sharing of duties.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2        On that fine evening of gentility Jatupon was able to leave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 earlier than usual.  While the other two brothers washed dishes,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wheeled away the cart to a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  parking lot,  chained it up to a fence, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 took supplies they couldn't lock up into and under the cart back to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 apartment, Jatupon went to Sanam Luang.  Once there, he walked on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 long cobbled oval track; interweaved aimlessly around trees and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pedes\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 trians; and watched the wind animate a bag with absolute breath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and power. The wild, breathing plastic, reminded him of being--the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 putative lightning that struck the ocean and caused the crystallization
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of elements.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Six adroit teenagers playing a game\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  of takraw were in a crescent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 position like the broken face of the moon.  They hit a bamboo ball back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and forth with their feet and heads in a motion that depicted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continuum.  Perhaps they needed to believe in the continuum of action
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and being (the random \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 balls of matter that they were).  Inside the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stadium-shaped park were homeless families lying on their thin sheets
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of rectangular bamboo mats and towels.  Above the center of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 football field of dust he saw a few prolonged kite flyers and their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instrume\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nts swishing as mad serpents of the open night skies under gas
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lamps.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       He felt the lifelessness and perfunctory movements of being a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 noodle worker further exorcized from him and became enriched in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 freedom of his own impulses.  Still, he told himse\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lf that even though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he was almost as poor and homeless as those strewn about him, he should
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not be out here to be possibly robbed.  It was an inherent defense
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 because, more than fearing robbery, he knew that he would most likely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 do anything for money. Also\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  there was a secondary voice of a cruel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 conscience that taunted him for being such easily sold goods even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 though he had never really put himself up for sale and had never been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bought.  As American as he wanted to be, in Thailand (even Sanam Luang
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in Bangko\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 k) there was little chance of being robbed or murdered. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 realized that he wasn't really worried on that score.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He was the same as the visual images of street life that had come
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to him earlier that day: dogs that gnawed through the trash; a man whom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he had seen in the middle of the afternoon holding a tree of hooks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 attached to small plastic sandwich bags where water and goldfish
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dangled within (how his child cried particularly for the sake of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fish); strangers pushing against each other in the mad \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rush to sell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 something and improve the lot of their lives; and a blind man who had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 screamed a song into a microphone to gain the one baht coins he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 begging for.  Like them, he would do almost anything for survival and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the gaining of a better life that w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ould shake in the pockets of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pants.  Life was rained on one like rocks thrown at the emaciated dogs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as they scavenged for their food or listlessly lay in the center of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 congested sidewalks.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Like those homeless individuals on their mats, he wanted s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 omeone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to look into his eyes and confirm his humanity.  He wanted to hear a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 voice in the solitude of the night that would give him hope that life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was not entirely random and that he had an importance.  He wanted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 believe in illusions.  He wanted to belie\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ve that the incidents that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 happened in one's life were for a good reason and that they were the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 iron scaffolding that built up his life into one monumental edifice
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 which would go on and on.  And yet if his family didn't care to deceive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him into seeing conn\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ections and connectedness in random events and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time, no stranger out there would be benevolent enough to attempt the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 task.  He was a rotting organism there to be trodden on like any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 insect.  He sat on a bench and reread the earlier part of his Laotian
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 poem\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 : the queens' prayers; the youngest queen's pregnancy; the oldest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 queen's plot foiled by reality stranger than the plot; the birth of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bird; the exile; the growth as a boy in the shape of a bird; the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 growing independent striving of the boy-bird and the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 longer flights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 away from home; the princess who saw the bird and wanted it...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Who are you?" asked a girl who was around his age. Jatupon felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nonplused.  Beauty and truth were extracted from him.  He was forced
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out of himself and his reading like a b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oy who stared at the light so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 long that when he walked away from it he fell into a ditch.  Stupefied,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he did not say anything to the dark skinned glasses-girl.  "I'm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Noppawan Piggy," she continued.  "What are you reading?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "A poem.  It is from Laos."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Are you Laotian?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Not really.  I don't know what I am."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why wouldn't you know who you are?  If you were born here from a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thai mother or father you are Thai and if you weren't you are a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 foreigner.  I can't think of anything simpler.  By th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e way, your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 grammar is awful. It's 'who I am.'  Not 'what I am.' Maybe you are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Laotian"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, I do. I do know who I am. Maybe I'm just wishing to not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "And you are reading poetry to not know?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes..I...I know its different," he said \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with diffidence, "but I'm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanting that."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You are wanting to become a different person by reading poetry or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 poetry will make you someone different?  Maybe you are wanting to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 different than other people"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "All of the above. Why is your name Nopp\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 awan Piggy?" he asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It is a nickname."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Noppawan isn't really a nickname, is it?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, Piggy is.  I got that from watching too much of the Muppets
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and Sesame Street when I was a girl."  She laughed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "People don't have last names as \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nicknames-only their first names."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well this person does."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why not?  I don't like my last name."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, it has to be the same name as your parents."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Now you understand why my last name is a nickname.  It would be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rather d\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 umb to have two nicknames."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I can't see that I understand at all.  And no, I'm not Laotian;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and my Thai grammar is impeccable.  I'm not stupid.  I am a self-taught
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 individual."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "Good for you," she said.  "They are the best kind."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       He slapped\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the park bench with his hand and moved to a corner so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that she could sit down.  She sat there. "So explain your reason for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the last name as the nickname."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I thought I did.  Well, I've chosen to make the last name a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nickname because it is my decision\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  to do so; and foremost, I want to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 divorced from my parents."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Children can't get divorced from their parents, can they?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Watch me. "
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He chortled. "You are so honest.  Most Thais aren't that way.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Sometimes they act like servants and syc\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ophants and then talk behind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 those people's backs.  Sometimes they are scared to say anything at all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like about the kings or anyone higher. You say everything openly even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 though you don't even know me.  I'm beginning to think you are the one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who is not Tha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 i. I've never met anyone like you."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm one of a kind," she said.  "I've never met a poor boy with an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 educated head sitting on a park bench before."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm one of a kind," he said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I like people who read something different and imagine somet\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 different.  I hate people who read comic books and play video games all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the time or buy lots of things from the malls each day, don't you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There was no answer.  He had trouble denouncing these items that seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to him so alluring although already \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his rash flood of feelings
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 prematurely told him that she was the best thing that had happened to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him while living in Bangkok and he didn't want to destroy an emerging
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 friendship with honesty. After all, at present he had no friends.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Aren't you going to as\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 k why I'm out here?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     He couldn't let it be shown that he was feeling scared to speak for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fear of saying something that would make her turn away from him. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 didn't realize that his vulnerability could be read from his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 countenance and the sweat that was\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  beginning to come from his forehead.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  "Well, why are you out here so late?  Are you a homeless orphan?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      She laughed.  "Listen, funny guy, see the pendant on this 14
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 carrot gold necklace."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, I do.  Maybe you should take that off.  It would be\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  safer.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Put it in your pocket."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Oh," she said diffidently.  She took off the necklace and stuffed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it into a pocket.  "Thank you," she said.  She paused and then went on.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  "I have parents and they are very rich.  I live in a nice home.  I'm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 just runni\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng away from it. I'm running away from them. You have a kind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 face but you should wash it more often.  I see a pimple."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "So.  I've got oily skin.  It doesn't mean I don't wash it. Now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it's my turn to give a question to you.  Your parents did something
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that upset you.  You are running.  From what?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I wish I could slip into your poem."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It can't happen but if you read it you can let the poem slip over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you.  That's better really because that way you don't slip away at all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but just put on some mo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dern armor.  It is like feeling invincible--like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slipping on a soldier's uniform and strapping on a new gun."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I like that idea. That is beautiful. What's the book about?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "How a prince born as a hawk changed into a man through love and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 atonement\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 .  I've read it before.  Here."  He gave her the book although
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he hadn't completed the poem itself but only the preface.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You won't read it again?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No."  He lied.  He wanted her to like him. He wanted to give her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 something so that she would reme\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mber him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Did you know that my father owns three factories and is a high
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 official in the government?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "How would I know that?  I just met you." He felt that it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 strange that someone so dark should have parents who were entrepreneurs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and high \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 government officials. He also felt that it was strange that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she should think that he would know her so deeply. Still, their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 conversation seemed to him so uniquely intimate like long established
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 friends.  "Here's a pen and the book.  I want you to write you\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r name
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and address on the front cover."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Okay." He took her pen and wrote it there.  She took back the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 book.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Jatupon Biadklang.  No email address?" she asked.  He didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 understand much about such things.  He just said "No" and shrugged it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 off a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s if it lacked importance. In his heart, however, he wanted to ask
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her questions about this technological age.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Then the girl said goodbye and went away.  He did not understand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this needy feeling suddenly brewing within him that yearned for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 presenc\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e of another to stitch his open wounds.  He wanted her to come
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 back to him and he waited there on that bench for an additional hour
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with that one thought dominant in his mind and a foolish expectation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that she would come back to converse with him further e\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ven though
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 neither of them really knew the other.  Still, when he eventually left,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he felt hope in something within his disappointment that she hadn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 returned.  He wasn't quite sure what the nature of this hopefulness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was. Like lightning flashing once to \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 which the unaccustomed eye blinks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 twice it pierced darkness and restored faith in forces beyond mortal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 knowledge.  Like the refracting rays of the sun coruscating at 5:00
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 onto the Chao Phrya River in round wild and random organisms of light
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 before motor-go\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ndolas and barges, so he felt that something brief but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beautiful had happened to him and that the residue of it would always
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stay with him.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Born in boredom and anguish at seeing snow fall while doing her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dishes in front of the kitchen window, delive\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 red meals, disposable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 plates, and throw-away silverware of plastic came into being.  They had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seemed at first to her the perfect tools to minimize discontent.  Then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she kept the drapes shut at all times to keep from seeing the snow.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Still it did not help; \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and one evening she beat on his locked studio
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 door and screamed to it that she was going to her language class.  She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hadn't been there but once following her enrollment.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      While she went out with the snow and the wind, Nawin still
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 remained locked away b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ut free in his colors.  They flowed in tight
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brushstrokes of an earthy tone.  They were of French-Canadian
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mannequins performing their perfunctory duties of marriage.  A summary
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 setting of a banquet table was under the window.  A profuse ochre
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sunlight pou\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 red through the window permeating the scene at the wedding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 banquet.  The table cast a shadow that inundated around the feet of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mannequins like a pool providing the scene with form and volume.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 However, greatness was in the details and that he was still \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lacking.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He was listening to Thai news from his computer.  The anchorman said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that Moslems and Hindus were burning houses in one Indian community.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Hindus were throwing Moslem children into bonfires, telling them they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would meet their deceased fathers.  His\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  pastel colors began to have a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fiery gray bleakness.  He felt great despair.  He wondered why in the 3
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 million years of Australopithecus through the 100,000 years of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 species (if his species was to some degree related to Australopithecus)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 humans had not\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  learned love.  They had learned speech and social skills
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for society to exist but they hadn't learned love.  He wondered if this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 word was totally empty without substance. Maybe it was a make-believe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 word to make humans feel better about themselves. He won\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dered if there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was anything outside of human selfishness.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He had once gotten out of noodles--Noodles stirred in a wok or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alive, like worms, in a vat.  Briefly, he had gotten out of his boyhood
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 assignments of washing bowls in tubs, being the seamstre\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ss attaching
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 jasmine flowers into rosaries from a long, thick needle, selling them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on the streets in the traffic, and then returning to wash more bowls.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There was a time when his aunt had had mercy on him and had come into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his life despite the inauspicious\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  marriage that her sister had made. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 almost seemed like a dream. Hadn't she first enrolled him in a Bible
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 School class?  Within that class so long ago, from a lost being of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself, had he not taken a paper image of Christ and varnished it onto
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a piece o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f wood?  Then his aunt let him dabble in education and gain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the full thirst on the new taste buds. Neurological responses burgeoned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and bifurcated within him. Now this wooden, shiny-faced Christ or the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ashes of it were somewhere in a colossal garbage heap \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with so much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kumpee had coerced them to throw away or sell "to have as savings."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That image of Christ or the conceptualization of it in his head had not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 spared either himself or it from the trash heap.  He was, nonetheless,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fond of it. Strangely, Bible sch\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ool for him had been the initial stage
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of his education at the temple school. He wished that he had that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 plaque to keep forever.  If he were to have that plaque now it might be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 precious proof that a young scholar had actually lived.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      This part of him w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as undeniably gone. Gone it was, for he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continually slid out of his skin so fully and naturally even though he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was rarely cognizant that this continual sliding away from himself was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 taking place.  He was just slumbering as all slumbered. This was life,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  unlike a movie, music did not accompany it's plotless plodding of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time. The sliding out of his skin happened every minute of his life and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 yet there was perhaps some consistency one might isolate as a Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 if one were to imagine such a being when Buddhi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sm stipulated that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 self was nothing but a delusion.  Whenever he saw an emaciated dog
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wadded into itself like crumbled trash or sprawled out onto the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pavement as if dead he would always say, "poor baby dog."  It was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 long embedded sensitivity that he \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had developed in Ayuttaya from early
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boyhood. In Bangkok where they seemed even more pathetic, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sensitivity was exacerbated and he repeated this phrase over and over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 again no different than when he was six years old. This was surely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 proof of a bit of a \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 consistent self.  Friends always went away after
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they learned, shared, or enjoyed the company of a given person for they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 needed to evolve to the next level and forget previous levels.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 However, one surely did not lose himself completely.  He did not know.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Still he was changing and within the darkness that was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 subjugating him into doziness a new embedded consistency was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 formulating. His mind kept flitting back to the thought of this girl,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Noppawan, and his imaginative curiosity invented a mansion where \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doubt resided. He could imagine her governess and feel how contained
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and alone she might be within a rigid schedule of private teachers and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tutors. He imagined her accompanied by servants while her continually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 busy parents remained remote and detach\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed from her life.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He was as happy to be returning to his sordid smelling cell as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that time when he had returned from the fair.  With hairnet as a tail
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in his back pocket, his eyes gleamed of hope, and curiosity brewed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about Noppawan.  Change also mark\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed the life of Suthep, who was sitting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on two bags of his clothes, latent with the night, when Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 approached the apartment building.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "What are you doing?" he asked.  Suthep was smoking near a tree.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I got an apartment. I'm about ready to leav\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e.  I thought I'd tell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you goodbye but maybe get you to help me with a bag if you don't mind."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You're leaving?" He felt nonplused.  His senses tingled and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 throbbed in confusion like the onslaught of the mosquito when drugs had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 conjured illusions and \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 excavated buried, opaque truths.  "If you want
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to leave us, why were we all working together earlier today?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "For old time's sake.  I'm not leaving completely--just from time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to time when I'm tired and want to be able to sleep without having to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 come a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ll the way back here."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What does Kazem say about this?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What he says doesn't matter.  What does it matter what he says?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I guess none but I want to know."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Suthep paused.  He wasn't accustomed to confessions in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 confessionals of tr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ee branches. He sighed and spoke with begrudging
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 reluctance. " I've explained this to him for months.  He has told me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 many times that he wants me to stay here.  He always gets angry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whenever I talk about it. Now I've stopped talking and am doing it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aren't\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  I? No, he does not want anything to interfere with his notion of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what big brothers ought to do. He acts like he is a lot older than I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 am. Anyhow, he is obnoxious: always dropping by my business when he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 can't catch me here pretending to be concerned that I\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  might need
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 something.  Most of those times he was just trying to persuade me that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 we need some type of joint savings."  He coughed a deep chronic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continuum that shook his body.  He was of an average build but seemed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to Jatupon as gaunt and sickly at such \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moments.  "I laugh at his face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 each time he does that.  I've been there, done that.  Kumpee made us
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 saps enough."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "After Mother and Father's death we were stunned."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Maybe.  Maybe or just believing that only bad things would happen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 which is proba\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bly about right. Anyhow, I'm more or less gone.  You both
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 should be thankful to be rid of me so that you can carry on without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being witnessed."  He laughed.  "Go ahead and look innocent and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 confused."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't know what you mean."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "About looking \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 innocent and confused?" asked Suthep in a chuckle.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He also wanted to keep the conversation murky.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "About any of it."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Good, stay that way.  None of us want to know anything-least of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all me. Here, you can help me by taking a bag." As Jatupon reach\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a bag he uncorked his flatulent gas.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "How disgusting!  Are you going to fart all the way up there?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Where is your apartment?" asked Jatupon, anxious that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 subject be changed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "You need to have a doctor check you out with all th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at farting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you do" said Suthep.  He was enjoying Jatupon's embarrassment.  "A fart
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doctor," he said.  They both laughed.  They began walking down the soi
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to the main street. Suthep smoked and coughed.  His face cringed and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 then he spat out some mucus in fr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ont of a 7-11.  He buried it with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sole of his sandal.  They began walking again.  Jatupon was feeling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 even more reluctant to experience change and this reluctance spoke to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him in the scraping shuffle of their talking sandals.  Jatupon did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know what\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  his brother knew and his mouth opened a couple times as if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanting to ask him.  Still, he could not speak such things.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "How much is your rent?" he asked at last as the two of them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 waited for a period of minutes for a bus. He was anxious to wedge them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out of the coffins that buried each of them separately into themselves.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Only words and actions were his crowbar.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Just a thousand" Suthep grumbled. But from there the journey was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a wordless void.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Before they arrived at the smaller cell Suthep b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ought a couple
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cartons of beer from a convenience store and the two of them sank into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 themselves within the barren room.  Exhaustion stung them and yet both,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wishing to find a chamber of themselves not mandated by work and sleep,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 let the liquor and marijua\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 na smoke toss about their beings--beings that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were sprawled on pillows on the tileless wooden floor.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Suthep stared at him so directly for a period of seconds with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 face that looked like his aunt when she had peered out at him from her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 glasses.  His s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tare seemed incessant and those eyes burned his face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that blushed from the worry of what the stare and the invitation to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 visit here all meant.  His aunt's stare through her glasses had long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ago been like a version of the sanphraphun, the dollhouse of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pirits that was often placed in front of businesses and residences.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 At such sanphraphuns Thais put down plates of food and lit incense that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would carry to the gods their wishes.  She had been his guardian spirit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in a sanphraphun of those glasses and yet sh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e had abandoned him. Like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the aunt, Suthep's eyes were probing.  In the smoke of the cannabis he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 too seemed like a spirit.  Suthep's gaze attempted to measure the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 traces of manhood that were in the youngest brother.  They attempted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not be repulsed by th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e boy, the victim, that still surfaced.  Suthep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 noticed that even in the masculine activity of beer drinking Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sipped the beer in little suctions like the infant to its bottle.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Go ahead, little man, swallow as much as you can in one gulp."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  "Why?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why not?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm not so little.  We're nearly the same age and I'm taller than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Age and height don't make one big.  It is experience, and you are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lacking experience."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Lacking experience in what?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "In what?  In everyth\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing.  In women, in outlook, whatever.  You're
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a child."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "And you dragged me here to tell me that?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I didn't drag you.  You are making yourself the victim again."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Suthep chuckled.  Jatupon avowed the truth of this with a smile.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You make it \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sound like Mother and Father defended me as the baby
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boy" he half joked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, Kazem took up that role when we were out to beat you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senseless."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Don't you ever want to return?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Return where?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon swallowed in larger sips while his head\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  was like a boat swiftly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 churning its propellers but going nowhere.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "To what we were. Like when we were able to finally afford a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 restaurant and Mom would come with Kumpee in the taxi and they would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slide sacks and boxes of vegetables, rice, and pork t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hat we would put
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 away enthusiastically; or when we ordered a plastic ball from box tops
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of cereal boxes like the one that we spent months getting...the spacey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one with many suction cups...it would stick to about anything when wet;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that one Sonkran where we\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  were in the back of a pickup truck with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 barrel of water for ammunition, aiming at every moving target.  Father
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had rented a truck to pick up something.  I don't remember what.   But
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 then, for some reason, he changed his mind and took us..."  They both
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ank into their father's rare episodes of kindness and then their minds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 switched to the pure fun of Songkran chaos where society became freer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and fragmented to thoughtless instinctual responses of guerrilla
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 warfare where aiming guns for the open windows of \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 busses and targeting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other rival gangs had no consequences.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I am a man now.  I don't want to hear bullshit about returning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 back.  What good does it do to be sentimental, anyhow?  Chance took
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them and if they are looking down on us it will be with as \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 concern as when they were alive. As I see it, whether we honor their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 jars of ashes at the temple or spit on them it doesn't much matter.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Their spirits didn't keep Kumpee from running off with what he could.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Do I want to return back?  Back wasn't any\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  good either; so, no, not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 really if I were to be honest about it."  Only the high he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 experiencing allowed him to be so honest.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Anxieties began to wreak Jatupon's sensitivities.  The rag of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 drape hanging against the window in a knot looked like a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  gigantic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 condom.  There was a huge hole in the wall symbolic of life being a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 void. His brother was a person whom he was beginning to know well at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one moment and a stranger with a strange face reminiscent of an aunt,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dreamed or real, the next moment.  He t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hought how odd it was that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whole perspective of someone he had known his whole life was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 interchanging so randomly with the worst moments being when his brother
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seemed to have a stone alien countenance.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       He let another golden wave hit his tongue.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It was like being hit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 by a wave from an ocean all bitter and suffocating.  He began to laugh.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He couldn't help it. Pains and pleasures seemed to him as such an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 irrelevant and comical absurdity slapping a person around in its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inundations.  One moment he wo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uld be here and happy and then he would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be there and miserable. He drank more of the beer and laughed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Chug it all down!" repeated his brother.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He thought to himself that here they were-- two very young men who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had once run freely together throu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gh puddles on the streets and yet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 despite their history (regardless of it not being a particularly close
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 relationship) Suthep and all that should seem him was tenuous and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 frothy when it should be solid in his memory.  Staring at him for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 couple seconds, s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 omehow he couldn't believe that someone who said "Chug
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it all down" was his benefactor.  He looked down.  As he did so, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sensed that the bubbles were increasing in his can of beer.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mosquito, that had been folded, spread out its large mass once it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 imbed out of the beer can.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't want to be lectured to by you," said Jatupon in his mind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to the mosquito.  "I might want an education but not some garbled ideas
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of an insect created by my own inebriated brain."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You get what you pay for. Thes\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e opportunities of hearing me on my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 soapbox is as much truth as any noodle worker will be exposed to."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I know you are horrible but I don't mind it anymore. I'm not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scared of it anymore. I'm used to it. If I can't get rid of you, at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 least you will no \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 longer upset me."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "So quickly you people acclimate and adapt to rough ways.  How
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have you been?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He felt stunned.  How good it was to hear those words. "Okay."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Is the job going okay?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It is the same old thing."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Don't you feel p\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 roud being there enslaved to the needs of higher
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 classes than yourselves-especially when they are rather lowly to come
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to you to begin with?  All of these department store workers and so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forth."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "It's all right.  I don't know any better.  I want to k\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 now why
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you like blood."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "A bold childish inquisitiveness without considering order or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 propriety. You really aren't afraid.  You are getting bolder by the day
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in a more childish way.  Why do you like chocolate?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't know.  I just do."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "But why do you think that you like it so much?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I wouldn't know."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You can guess if you follow your instincts.  If you follow your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instincts they will take you into prehistory when the sweet taste buds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 formed for succulent bone marrow.  Which c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ame first: the taste buds for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what was sweet or the experience tearing into bone marrow?  For the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 answer to that question you don't need a PHD.  You just need to follow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your instincts and they will let you know everything."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I guess people in the past\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  were often desperate for nutrients and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 found that they could survive by eating bone marrow. Nature began to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instill man with a taste for that which was sweet so that he would more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 likely eat bone marrow when in a desperate situation."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Excellent.  In\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  answer to your question, maybe the boredom of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 flying around this rocky planet causes us to need to bite into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 something deeper.  Anyhow, I came to find out how you were doing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 financially now that you have employment"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "We don't need to worry about stay\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing alive."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What more can you expect from life than that?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "Jatupon!"  There was a pause. "Jatupon!"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2        "A le nah? (what is it?).
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "You are fading off completely," said Suthep with a grimace.  "I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 think you need to get the hell out of h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ere.  Your lover's waiting for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you.  Thanks for helping me bring some of this junk."
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                             Chapter 9
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Nawin fell asleep in the suds of his bathtub and when he woke up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his thoughts were frothy. Melancholy dripped from the showe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r nozzle and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from time to time hit his head (the contents of which emulated the slow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and sad repetition of the dripping).  A year earlier it had been in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 such a bathroom at an artsy party at a friend's house near Silpakorn
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 University that he went away from \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the crowd to sit on the edge of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tub and weep with the fatuous wrestling of personal pain.  Noppawan
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 came into the bathroom to find out what was wrong. She sat on the edge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the tub next to him and heard about the crash of the United Airlines
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 jet. With\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out words she took one of his hands. Without trying to absorb
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the sadness of his face in the emotion of sympathy, he could tell that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she was imagining details beyond his relationship with his deceased
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uncle or the explosion of the plane. Seated there, quic\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 kly overcoming
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 personal loss in favor of a more philosophic stance, he believed that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 America was a self-centered bully and the Moslem world would continue
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to attack her for being so opulent in a famished world, controlling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 world policies without giving sma\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ller nations a voice, cuddling the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Zionist entity of these self-professed "Chosen people," and for having
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the dominant culture of individual freedoms that went contrary to their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Islamic tyranny.  The couple looked out into nothingness with similar
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thoughts\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 .  Both knew the naturalness of hate in recreating civilization
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and that destructiveness in society was no different than the kinetic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 universe as a whole.  Both knew that only hope came in recoiling in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one's passive intellectual pursuits. At that time he f\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 elt sick like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 when one hadn't eaten for days: people who should have been important
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and salubrious spun around in his head as hollow as all the others.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Only his uncle, a man who did not love him and had no particular
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 self-interest in the boy had saved him.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Only Noppawan, during his time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of mourning, kept him from complete despair.  He wiped off his hands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and arms and made his call on the telephone as his body leaned stiffly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to the edge crushing through frothy embankments of his bubble bath.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Piggy?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2    "Yes?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Piggy, is that you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, Nawin."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Piggy, I feel tongue tied here.  This shouldn't be a question a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 husband poses. I...I don't know what to say.  We are married
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 technically. Technically, and emotionally from my standpoint, that is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the case so as a husband don't you think I'd be curious when my wife is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 going to start making love to me?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I have, Nawin, but there isn't much I can do with us on different
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sides of the planet."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, you should be here and she shouldn't.  I a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sked you to come."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "And I said that I had papers to grade and research to do."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I understand all of that.  Nobody is to blame.  I'm not even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 talking about that.  I'm talking about three times before we got
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 married.  2 1/2 times afterward. We're n\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ewlyweds. I need for you to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 need to smell my feet, massage my back, do womanly things I can't talk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about on the telephone.  I need you."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       She thought to herself that appetites were not the substance of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 memory.  She wanted to lecture him but only mutte\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 red,  "Did Porn leave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, she is here.  But that is not the point.  The point is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 figuring out if you will ever need me like a wife."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "The way Porn does?  Honey, she is a businesswoman.  I'm sure she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 enjoys you immeasurably but you would go\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  broke paying for both of us."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She laughed. She was fully amused by herself; but then she noticed that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she had caused him to retreat in silence.  "Hello?" she said uneasily.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She picked up the poetic story, Thao Nok Kaba Phuak (The Nightjar) that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was on her\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  bookshelf. She opened the book, which had his name and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 address on it when he was 14 years old and her name since he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dedicated the book to her.  Her fingertips caressed the illustration of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the Nightjar on the cover page.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yeah, I'm here.  You cont\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inued to encourage me to have my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 relationships after we were married.  It was crazy but I went along
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with it.  I thought it was a game: playboy artist encouraged by his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wife to continue to draw saddened whores. I even went to the airport
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with Porn thinking\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  you would come there and stop us."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Surprise, surprise!" she said.  She laughed lovingly.  "Men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 explode, Nawin.  They get it out of their system for a few hours but a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 woman percolates romantically throughout the day.  She loses all sense
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of reason. S\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he does everything for the sake of that relationship.  She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 loses herself."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "So-no one wants to reason 24 hours a day.  You can't think that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 people get married to stop sexual intercourse.  If that was your idea I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wish that you had told me before we got\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  married."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Nawin, the reason I married you was not to percolate nor was it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to be a recipient of your explosions when you can't get any temporaries
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to service you. I realize that temporaries are more erotic than wives,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nawin, the same as temporaries a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 re probably more erotic than husbands.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Anybody new will not be like stinking socks kicked off under the sofa."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Is that what I am?"  He remembered the stench of Kumpee. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 couldn't have chosen a more grotesque image.  He again felt like the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ugly dark\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  skinned Jatupon with his pimples.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You understand what I mean."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't understand you at all.  I don't understand what we are,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 honestly.  Do we even have a relationship?  Do you know?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Of course, we've known each other forever. We're jus\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t trying to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 figure out some new movements-our own ways of behaving."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I just want us to behave like normal couples do."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Both of them were silent, digging deep into their brains for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 memories of what normal families and normal couples did.  They co\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uldn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 find what they were seeking.  Both exhumed half-dead children of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 themselves whose eyes were blinded by pain and too much exposure to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 darkness.  What did they know of families, couples, and what normal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 people did?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "We have a relationship but it's\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a peculiar thing.  It is one of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 those rare finds based on understanding and admiration.  One great
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thing about you that I admire is that, despite your moral turpitude, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 don't have to worry that you will someday become a bitter old man who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hates life.  Bi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tter old men, Nawin, tend to be that way because they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 resent young men off having pleasures when they can't engage in them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 any longer.  You have your art, your permanent window on the world. You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aren't just wasting your life on the next thrill-I mean not c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ompletely.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You'll have something to show for your life."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I need intimacy with my wife."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Isn't what I'm doing now intimacy?" she spoke with a bit of anger.  "Isn't going to an art museum even a higher intimacy?  Isn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being an artist or in my ca\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 se sharing my research on zoology to a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 conference intimacy at its highest degree. You're ignorant but you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aren't stupid. You're not even so ignorant: just a victim of too much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 testosterone clouding over your senses."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I need tender love."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Tender\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  love isn't in a man's lexicon. You think you need women to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be tender enough to let you bang away on them. Pleasurable banging, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one or two women as your permanent trophies: that's your need.   I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 don't think it is much of a need. Wanting the right peopl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e is good.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Needing them isn't."  She paused and waited but his voice was not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forthcoming.  "Nawin, are you still there?."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm still here. Piggy, you haven't contacted me in weeks. I was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beginning to think that you were filing for divorce."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2    "The li\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ne was too large at the lawyer's office" she joked. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chuckled.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "Are you okay, Piggy?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm fine, Nawin.  Thanks for finally asking.  How are you and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Porn? How are your classes?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "The class on the influence of Caravaggio is useful.  All of t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 classes are fine. Noppawan, I think that Porn hates being with me now.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I think she is disappointed being here with me."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm too busy to take her wherever she wants to go."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Where does she want to go?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I think anywhere but he\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 re-New York mostly."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why don't you go?  It is just a day's journey, isn't it?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't know," he sighed.  "Piggy, I've tried to call you twenty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 times.  Why are you at your sister's?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Oh, Nawin, that is a good question.  You know how the l\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 andlord
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 let four Chinese students rent out an apartment near us."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you remember that we always heard that sizzling sound of them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 frying food in their woks."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "Yes, so-"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "Well, they fried most of the apartment building.  The sprin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 klers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 didn't turn on. No one was hurt fortunately.  You had only a few
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 canvases.  I took out your paintings and my computer and ran out before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the flames reached our door.  Our ideas are safe."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Thank God!  Thank God, no one was hurt."  He imagined th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e horror
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of having all his canvases in that location and his image emblazoned in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 light, heat, and smoke.  What a way of setting his reputation on fire.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 What a way of enlightening the world.  And yet, in accordance with Zen,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 burnt canvases would nip his ego\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  and remind him of the true traceless
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aspect of being.  If this had happened, to which his whole being poured
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out praise to whatever forces of the cosmos intentionally or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 unintentionally caused it to not occur, it would have taught him the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 awareness that p\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ermanence was an illusion. It would have taught him an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 acceptance of fate and an appreciation of the simple pleasure of just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being. He thought of the time that he and Noppawan were in a Songkran
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Festival water fight in Banglampool.  Both were unlucky enoug\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 h to have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 both sides of their faces shot with water containing some form of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 caustic chemicals that burned lacerations which later changed into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 black eyes.  For a few weeks the friends had been freaks but then they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were always freaks, and at the age of 14 o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r 15, the inception of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 friendship, they had attended the natural science freak museum at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Siriaj Hospital.  In Thailand no one told the truth.  They were careful
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and obsequious with their "wei," their traditions, and their buried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tongues.  They were i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n favor of just getting along.  To Thais, he and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Piggy would be perceived as intractably strange.  The couple couldn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 claim to be comfortable as freaks although freakishness was their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 natural order.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Also, the monkey, the cat, and the parrot: I got t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hem out too."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Noppawan?  Noppawan Rongthang" he said timidly in the fog of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 self-doubt.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Jatupon Biadklang" she mocked him and laughed at his insecurity.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why didn't you move into the condominium?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "My sister's apartment is near the uni\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 versity."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm feeling lonely," he said while laughing at himself.  "I love
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you but I'm doubting if you love me."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Feelings come and go, Nawin.  We have a commitment to each other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as friends and we're married.  The way I look at it that is more s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 table
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 than what most people have.  There is me and there is you and from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 those two important things we create us.  Where's Porn at now?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "She went to her language class."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Oh, is she now trying to learn Thai?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He laughed victoriously choking\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  on his saliva.  He coughed. "You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 are jealous!" he said gleefully.  "You do love me.  You are jealous out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of your mind."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Dream on, Nawin."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Piggy is jealous."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "In your dreams, Nawin."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       He stopped laughing. "Piggy? I want to tell you ab\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out something."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Are you whining, Nawin?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, I was ready to."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      She felt that husbands used women to rape or as confidants for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 release of their suffering boys.  She found it vertiginous and a bit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nauseating.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes," she said coldly\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 , "What is it?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I just want to tell you something that happened...I think I saw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 my brother-one of them when I was leaving for the airport."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "The one who beat up on your face when I first met you."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yeah.  Maybe.  It's nothing.  It is just o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n my mind."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Did you talk to him?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, just saw him from a distance."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Hanging up, he got dressed and, paintbrush in hand, he returned to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his dreams: dreams of people in movements imitated from their fathers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and forefathers-those in traditio\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nal marriages and traditional jobs who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were in their movements as perfunctory and dead as noodle workers.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 swept color on his canvas.  He made imagined forms of those who had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not, in their early childhood been maimed in this mechanical apparatus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 called \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 family.  For selfish reasons, like those tiny salamanders
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clinging to windows during a storm, he thought that he should spend
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time with Porn, know her in more detail, listen to her, and understand.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  In part he was able to click into that tender inquisitive\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  probing and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 non-judgmental listening called empathy, but the thing that clicked his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brainwaves in this circuitry was often selfish.  He knew that he, his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wife, and his Porn were all maimed ones.  They were indeed a family.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They were part of him and he did\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  not want to lose them.  Both brought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him pleasurable respites from himself who was often attuned to the pain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that was rife in all things.  When Porn came home he went to her.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 asked how her day was.  He listened to her complaints.  He paused and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 waited\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 .  He understood her isolation.  Still he did not promise to take
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her to New York.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Impermanence was in all things. Galaxies collided or were pulled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into joint oval orbits.  Planets were sucked into those suns in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 realignment. The suns themselves\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  eventually flared up into supernovas
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 consuming all planetary bodies orbiting their realm and died. Long ago
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 while the senator was in his first year of law school his sister had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 become one of the hundred women on a given day that sought to get
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 traveler's v\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 isas at the German Embassy escorted by their boyfriends so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as to begin a departure that would keep them in exile. His parents were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 now beginning to act the parts of invalids and leeches.  To his parents
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he had failed them by being divorced and not having c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hildren that would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have fostered the illusion of continuum. They also thought he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 failed them by not inviting them into his home. The result was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continual stream of their calls on his mobile telephone where the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mother and father diagnosed themselves a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nd each other, listing all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 symptoms and proposing materialistic requests and more time together
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that would alleviate or distract their mental and physical suffering.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Women whom he had thought of as having permanent relationships gained
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 new perspectives fro\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 m the intake of new information.  They also gained
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more immediate and dominant feelings engendered by newer relationships.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They went on and became something different without any way of relating back since, like the expanding universe, it all needed to go \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forward.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With aging parents and relationships awry came the growing daily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 awareness of the limits of his lifespan making him all the more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 glutinous to have money, status, and women who could produce for him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 children.  But with each year of impermanence his\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  identity of himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fell on its own weight like a black hole and he did not know who he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was.  The loving neediness of wanting that special woman who would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 take care of his sexual needs, give him children, and not extort him of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 finances with a divorce grat\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed against him stridently.  There was no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 security against another mishap especially at his present age of forty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 when his physical attributes were diminishing and a woman would not be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 likely to marry him for how he made her feel.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon wanted to be a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n aristocratic bum.  He wanted to commune
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with inner voices within himself and to have the relationship of green
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 blades of grass firmly poking into the crevices of his toes when he ran
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about barefoot in a park.  He wanted to return to that state of knowing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 perfectly what to say when others asked him, at age five, what he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanted to become when he grew up. "I want to become a tickle-man," he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would always tell them and then he would try to tickle them before they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tickled him. A decade later, this old long-lost\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  game with Kazem in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 particular could not be surpassed.  He still couldn't think of a better
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vocation than a tickle-man.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Outside of the continual wish to have an aristocratic life free of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the specious ambition to either sustain himself as a working cla\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ss
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slave or by the stretch of his imagination a CEO slave, a doctor, or a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senator, Jatupon's inward feelings were beginning to subtly change away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from his love of his brother, Kazem. His ideas and feelings were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shifting toward impermanence with each letter\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  he received from Noppawan
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Piggy.  Finally, he had a friend although for the past few years
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon had virtually had none. As much as new manhood awakened old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instincts deep in cellular memory for the odor, the touch, the pleasure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and the pounding of any \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 type of sexual activity where the differing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 force of the thrusts and the stirred waves of his hormones all whizzed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him in a unique frenzy for a brief time, he yearned more for Noppawan.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He yearned for her ideas and her presence.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He considered his need\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  for her one time as the two brothers lay
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 naked immediately after a sexual encounter under a ceiling fan that was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 newly installed.  He watched the blades chopping through the musty air
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and in a very minute sotto voce of his thoughts he yearned for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 destruct\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ion.  He wanted for the wobbly fan to fall and guillotine his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 head.  For the most part, however, sexual acts like this one were his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rocket fuel to Nirvana.  It always brought him into a religious state
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that he couldn't duplicate in any other way.  That one\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  moment after his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brother's sexual act and his own masturbation, he was free of wanting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anything.  At such times he just lay there breathing in the oxygen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 deeply and feeling fully satisfied with being.  This too he yearned for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and only his brother was able\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  to grant him Nirvana.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      At last he had a friend. This relationship gave him more meaning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to the days than even the rain.  Sustained reflexes as an assistant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cook had caused the days to stumble along on deformed feet so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uneventfully after his parents' d\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eath. Now it wasn't so bad.  After the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 washed-plate monotony of late evenings he would often pull out of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 back pocket a letter that he had read many times before.  At both
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 restaurants Kazem and Suthep individually razzed him about his new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 girlfriend but\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  they believed that he did not know anyone. To them the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 girl had to be some remote villager wanting to learn about life in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bangkok by advertising for a pen pal in the back of the comic book
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pages. On one night of one particularly troublesome week without a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 letter he went to sleep from his banal world at an empty table and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dreamed his anything but banal dreams.  Within Jatupon's sleep there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were at first tire swings and butterflies nestling on succulent flowers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but then on the flowers there was the perfidiou\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s couplings of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mosquitoes.  He smelt the pheromones that the male had emitted to make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the female believe that it was following a whole army of male hunters
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who had procured food when really there was just that one male poised
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 relaxingly waiting for the ovu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lating specimen to come to its perch.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The female was as white as Kumpee's Chinese girlfriend and she hated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and loved the guile as much as the deceiver in that unique mix that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 makes sex such a delight.  Then, after finishing its frenzy, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mosquito was bac\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 k with him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't understand this delay in meeting" he dreamed of himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 telling the mosquito.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Still, after nearly four months in this city, you think that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senator is really trying to fit you into his schedule of dinner guests
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and your s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 weet mother and father are going to return from the dust."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Something like that.  I don't want to be forgotten.  If Mother
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and Father are really dead in the true sense of the word I won't be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 able to see them again."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Dear me, when are you going t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o shake your boyish Thai ways? Being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 respectful to a couple morons who accidentally conceived you in their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sexual frenzy is too preposterous.  Regarding death, I can't see
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anything wrong in just plain death. You kill enough of us when you do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your laundry e\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ach week.  I see you emptying out puddle-remnants of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 previous week's water from your plastic buckets where we are laying our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eggs and then pouring in new laundry soap and water. You attempt to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 flatten us with the palms of your hands.  You never seem to\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  consider
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 death such a tragedy in those circumstances.  I can't see why any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being--mosquito or human--would want to continue on for thousands of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 years anyway.  A being continually growing from the same old bud in an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 environment not all that conducive to gr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 owth becomes as fallow as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 world around him.  So much negativity from all of those disillusioned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 experiences withers one in ennui-I can't think of anything more horrid!
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Then comes petty greediness to have something; and no one is pettier
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 than old men w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hom you give the "wei." Thais extend this deference to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 these beastly wrinkled beings as if age makes such grumbling,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 maundering creatures continually thinking of their mortality and their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aches and pains enlightened beings. I can't see that it would be goo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to live forever.  It is better to die off completely and let the energy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 come back as something totally different.  This new being will dance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 its dance and celebrate the novelty of the world before adulthood hits
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him across the face with a mallet."
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  When they got home it was sleep again so that they would wake up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with energy and motivation to do more work. Before Jatupon awakened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 naturally to the sun-god (the night having deadened his soul and put
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him to sleep as any ancient Egyptian laborer long ago\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  believed of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 own life), so Kazem in darkness came to his startled awakenings with an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alarm clock as well as the alarm of and in his own brain that yearned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for sustenance and more which always came from money.  With no love
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oil, and no rimming, he took \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon with maximum thrusts engendering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 within him the inclination, if not the incitement, for violence.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon's first thoughts of the morning were that he wanted to slit his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brother's throat.  He wanted to cut off Kazem's head, stuff it, and put
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it on \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a bookshelf had they purchased a bookshelf.  It was no wonder, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought, that this one had no girlfriends.  Who would care to have one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 so large-so large!  As the lovemaking subsided, it tossed Kazem back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into a nap like the soothing backward movement of \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the tide. Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 felt that he was bleeding and so he went to the toilet and sat on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stool feeling beneath him from time to time to see if there was blood.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There wasn't any. He sat and sat virtually thoughtless until the idea
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 returned that he could kill\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  him.  He wanted to kill him veritably.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could take one of the new television sets that Kazem had purchased for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he and Suthep and smash his head while he was sleeping. He could spray
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 paint the walls with air freshener and light a match.  The whole room
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could be set ablaze like a funeral pyre.  He got up and dressed.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 needed to escape.  He needed to run away to the street people before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his actions matched his thoughts.  He needed to be with the street
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 people.  He told himself that he loved them veritab\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ly. He scavenged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 money from Kazem's pants and took a taxi to an abandoned railway
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 station with its severed tracks where weeds or moss grew a little on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 most of everything and homeless, crippled dogs with one or more smashed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 paws found a respite.  He purchas\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed some amphetamines from one of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 street people and, done in sync with his glue, his head began to spin.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, which he was exposed to from a movie on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 television earlier that week, played in his head and the dogs with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their man\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gled paws began dancing.   Plaid or corrugated he thought two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 things intermittingly as the dogs continued to dance:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * Kazem, when he thought of Kumpee, wanted to twist off his head like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 crawdad-he who had stolen their money and put them in this hole.  Th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 en
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his anger subsided by again recalling a good thing that had come out of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it.  He, as yet, did not have to pay for rent or utilities.  Also the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 two of the siblings were gone allowing him to be liberated.  The idea
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of being a teenager free of mother and fa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ther had been intriguing to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him.  As much as he mourned the deaths of his parents, their deaths had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seemed to him liberation to manhood and his own sexual fulfillment.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The same was true of Kazem and Suthep. He didn't resist Kumpee's plan
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to replant them in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the modern sordid capital of Bangkok.  He sensed all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 along that Kumpee would leave them and he didn't murmur a word.  His
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 opposition to Suthep's departure was mostly a show. He wanted to pursue
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that liberation with impunity.  He went to work .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * "I can't \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stand the boredom of everything around me"  "But you have to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 survive," said the mosquito.  "All animals have to survive."  "I am
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 declaring a day off.  Besides, when I see you I can't do anything
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 else."  "Aren't you the lucky one?" said the  mosquito.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * Kaz\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 em liked how obscure his petty actions were in the city.  No
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 matter what one did here it was obscure.  Here no one pretended to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 care-so absorbed they were in making sure that their own sordid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 activities were kept inside that they didn't need to feign being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shocked or to gossip about human anomalies all which were as old as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 species.}{\cf6 
\par }{\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * "Why aren't you sitting.  You are just leaning against the building,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 staring across severed train tracks."  "I'm in pain.  I can't sit."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * Long before light or orange robed\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  monks made their alms he hauled his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cart from a lot where he stored it for a fee.  Hauling it on the edge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the street like any other hapless ones, occasionally he met gaunt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dogs, salesman of real stores helping the deliverymen get their produce
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 off the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 trucks and dragging the boxes to the sidewalks, ice-cream
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 salesman on tiny bicycle-driven stores, and the glass aquarium fruit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cars with their gravel of ice that other hapless ones pushed along the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 street; and from it all it was hard to feel alone.  Sound \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and motion
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beat off the cruel static morbidity of his own thinking that had the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 compunction of criticizing him for his actions with the youngest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brother and saw no future outside of monthly drunken vigils with fellow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 restaurant workers and those rare occas\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ions when he went off with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Suthem to ladies of the night he paid for.-is he thinking about me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought Jatupon.  -as he sets up the restaurant, is he thinking about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * "And taking that makes you feel less blue?"  "At least less alone."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Maybe you are an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  addict."  "I don't think so. It is recreational."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Sounds like a venereal disease.  It sounds American."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * He liked being unmonitored.  Sure, there was adrenalin gained from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the hunt of a woman but more came from the more forbidden pleasures. A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 man with m\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oney was more alluring to a female who needed this more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vehemently than sperm for the making of offspring.  What did he have to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 give a woman.  He had dated before.  He was big.  It fascinated but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 repelled them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * "I told you.  I was feeling blue; and I lik\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e how the world turns
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around like a carousel of caricatures when I mix the glue and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pills.  Tracks, dogs, and the old abandoned railway station seem to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 breathing.  I don't have anyone else.  Sometimes I like hearing from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you."  "How kind!" said the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mosquito stoically.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * Suthep's apathy had come from the acceptance of something deeply
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sordid in himself.  Policemen were paid their paltry sums and had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bigger crimes to corner than family perverts. His was a business so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 meager that it retained a tax exemp\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t status by the nature of no status
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at all, a business existing with no address although this oversight was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 compensated for by a policeman who came to extort money from Kazem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 weekly. Being sordid was a type of wisdom.  From it he was cognizant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that such in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stincts to conquer sexually were part of the sadistic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 imaginings of the creative force or the pragmatic cause and effect that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 engendered the floundering of human existence and he was hardly the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 god for redesigning it all-especially he who rarely thought of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  it as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being essentially wrong in theory despite feeling nominally guilty.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * "Do you think that he loves me?"  "What definition of love are we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 using now?"  "The real one.  I'm older now-almost 15.  I know.  Do you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 think he loves me like someone with a grea\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t sickness inside of him who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desperately seeks medication or a yearning to slam himself into me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fully like one entity?" "Okay, I'll grant you that one," said the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mosquito and then it guffawed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * And so, unchaining the tables from beneath his cart, pulling \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 plastic stools underneath, and kicking away a few sleeping dogs that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were lying there to be tripped over like disheveled rugs, alone he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 started his business.  He chatted with those he encountered and felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the light commotion of an awakening world f\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ill him with its harmony
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 before routine tasks dominated over him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * His father had tried to squash him.  He was excoriated for standing,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sitting, combing his hair, where he parted his hair, the food he ate,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the meat he abhorred, and the clothes he put on. \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He couldn't do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anything.  He wasn't anything.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 * Stirring a pot of rice deep memories ran by him in glimpsed ghostly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 passing stirring up raw negative feelings that created the hard product
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of his thoughts.  His father had been an aggressor at all times who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 never mellowed any to his death.  For many early years Kazem's ears had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been pulled daily.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He had been dragged by the hair.  He had been forced to sit daily on a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 little red footstool next to his father as punishment for not only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 youthful exuberance (youth\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  which ran around on two feet whereas he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to flounder with a cane) but for the intractable insolence that would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 interfere with his punishment of the two "suck-calves" of the youngest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brothers whom he hated.  Kazem still had the scars of cigarette burns
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in his brown skin as palpable and tangible proof that the man had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 really existed.-No, more than that.  His love for me is more than just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a sickness although it has that in it, said Jatupon to the mosquito.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He couldn't tell where he was.  Faces of his\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  parents, Kumpee, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aunt and uncle,  the monks at the temple school, and that boy he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been friends with for so many years (the one who had been with him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 begging in front of the Dunkin Doughnuts shop and, a couple years ago,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had allowed his feet to sli\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 p from an open window that time they had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 made their petty attempt into major thievery on that runaway trip into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bangkok) all were without faces but wandering around like ghosts in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thoughts. He could see the forms of these people in his head but only a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 few of them had the slightest trace of a face.  He had somehow defaced
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them.  Time had defaced them.  Memory was fading. As the hours passed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uncomfortably he became more aware of himself.  He forced himself to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more rational.  He was hungry and tired.  H\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e wanted to go home.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 told himself that he'd kill his brother the next time he did something
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like that. And yet, when he was about ready to be put in jail that time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in Bangkok it had been Kazem who had stolen money from their parents.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It was Kazem who h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ad paid off a police officer.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Nawin reflected Porn's feelings.  "So, you don't feel purposeful.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  You are in a relationship with a man who spends his time with his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 paints leaving you alone in the cold of Canada without feeling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 purposeful. You got so \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sick of washing dishes that we've now gone to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 paper plates."  He chuckled.  She smiled. " I care about you.  I'm glad
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you are here with me.  Regarding purpose, we'll work on that.  I'll see
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 if I can get you a job on campus.  I'll definitely stop things fro\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 m now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on anytime you want to talk.  If you want to go out to a movie, I'll go
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out with you."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "I want to go to New York City."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "That is something to be considered too," he said evasively.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 changed his cynical ideas.  It seemed to him that emp\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 athy was love.
\par 
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                        Chapter 10
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2         Jatupon agreed to meet her at Siriaj Hospital.  From a bus he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 took an express boat.  Seated there, he tried to read the Student
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Weekly published by the Bangkok Post but attempts \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at understanding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 English were to no avail.  The sun and wind together shot him with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tranquility darts that took him to an ethereal, unearthly peace exempt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from the conflicts of consciousness but also from assembling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 understanding from the fragments of the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pieces to the day that came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 through his senses in a mosaic.  He wanted to understand his place in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the world.  He wanted to understand the premise of his life that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 constituted a compromise of the internal conflicts of the mind.  But he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 also wanted peace of \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mind and he sank in with his ease until he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 asleep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He woke on the hard orange chair inside the boat to a splash of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 polluted water against his face. Once again he was staring at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 waters that gyrated against the boat. He watched the frothy mist f\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the motion of the boat arise to the window-sized glassless hole that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was beside him. Again he was in the world of conflict and for a moment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he resented being there as if breathing and thinking deigned him. His
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 conflict was what he was doing now.  He wa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s continuing his part as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 absent employee and he worried about the consequences. He thought of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 going back.  All he had to do was step out onto any dock and wait for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boat going in the opposite direction; but his legs were like stone.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would not budg\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e. The boat was moving forward and so would he.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 removed his sunglasses, put his hand into the water, scooped in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 residue of the moisture that did not fall from his fingertips, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cooled the hot throbbing of the swollen blackish blue skin beneath his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 left eye.  He was proud of his courage.  Four nights ago Kazem had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 finally given into his demands for his mail but it had been a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 calculative maneuver to mitigate their protracted altercation that had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gotten out of control over his noodle soup/fried rice-tr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uancy.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      His thoughts carried him piggyback at a gallop.  There were savage
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 impulses amuck in that instinctual need to dominate in procreation and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 yet how was it he had let himself become the one who was ridden on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instead of the one riding?  It was a my\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stery as to why he should be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 content to a role so clearly defying the male instinct to be the sexual
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aggressor. Maybe, he half-wondered or felt in some murky and illusive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 way that failed to come together as a cohesive thought, it was from not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 taking on tha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t masculine pose of one ready to preempt his own selfish
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and sadistic impulses onto others for his own self-gratification.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He wasn't addicted to drugs any more than he was to love, he told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself.  One needed a bit of both.  He wasn't weak.  Except o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nce of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clearly finding himself addicted and being forced to go through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 detoxification with some charitable monks (that had been the cocaine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 period the result of frequent raids of the cash box and an episode of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thievery in Bangkok), he believed that his men\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tality was a strong one.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of course, until the move to Bangkok, the family had ensured that for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the past two years he was rarely allowed out of their sight and never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 came near the cash box.  This had assisted his lack of addiction.  Even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 now his interaction\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  with customers was overseen suspiciously.  And
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 laboriously friendless as his life droned on (with this new exception
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 if indeed she cared to really be his friend and he was anxious that she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 should be such) he perceived himself as a freakish aberration to s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 many boys his age that had normal if not exceptional lives.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 walked together in throngs-schoolboys in their light blue knit shirts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and dark blue shorts walking the streets, entering 7-11s, clustering in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for "All You Can Eat" Pizza Hut specials, or w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alking hand in hand with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 girls to the malls.  He half hated them.  He hated their laughter,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 which seemed to deride him.  Sometimes he wanted to hit against the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wall that entrapped him.  It was like he was a Mexican and America had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 deliberately concocted a \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wall to keep him out. If only it were an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eggshell, he thought to himself, he would be able to peck his way out.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2        And here he was at the Siriaj pier.  There was a Dairy Queen,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and a Black Canyon Restaurant near the pier and a long winding outdoor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mark\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 et.  He wondered why she had chosen Siriaj Hospital for their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 meeting place and why, given the location, she had not chosen for them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to meet in one of those restaurants.  Instead, he was supposed to meet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her in front of a museum. He meandered in different \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pathways throughout
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 many buildings until he noticed her sitting on a stoop under a sign
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that said "Museum" in English.  Her hair was shorter than the last time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he saw her and her cheeks seemed chubbier.  She was dressed in her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 school uniform.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Sunthon\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Phu, there you are," Noppawan said.  Sunthon Phu was an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 important poet long ago who had risen from humble parents to become a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 private secretary for King Rama II because of his literary abilities.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Here I am," he said. He smiled glowingly.  There was \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nothing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about it that was affected. He came nearer to her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I was worried that you wouldn't get my last letter."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I got it yesterday in my new mailbox at the post office" he said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with pride.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Good.  That brother of yours was really keeping m\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y letters, was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he?  What a scoundrel ."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'll always get them from now on. Do you want to go into the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 coffee shop?  I can buy our coffee."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What happened to you?"  She was staring at his left eye.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Oh."  He realized that he had forgotten to \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 put the sunglasses on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his face.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I got into an argument with him."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Over stealing the letters?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      " Is he the brawny one you told me about before-the oldest one?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, then he should be put in jail for thievery, \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 assault and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 battery, and being a brawny moron."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "I have money. Do you want to eat at Black Canyon?  You might not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 want coffee.  I never drink it.  Just water and cola."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "If we were to eat at Black Canyon or someplace less dingy--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 really elegant-- \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I'd make sure my father paid for it.  We wouldn't need
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 money.  The whole day could be put on a credit card."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, as the man, I insist on paying."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Maybe later," she first spoke in irritation.  She wasn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 interested in his chivalry. " I want to g\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o in here now.  Have you ever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been in here?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, what is it?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you like museums?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I love learning.  That's all I love."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Not just Laotian poetry?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Everything."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Now you know why you are my friend.  When I saw you reading\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  on a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bench-and reading an English translation of a book-- I knew that we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would get along well. This is a special place.  When I run away, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 often come here.  I spend hours not just learning about natural science
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but becoming friends with it if that makes \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sense." She took his hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and led him in.  "Don't be alarmed," she said, "Things that are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beautiful are often ugly, and what is ugly is often beautiful.   I like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 coming to someplace where everything is true.  I hate lies, don't you?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Even ugly truths are be\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tter than that?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       He thought about what the mosquito had said. "I've been told that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 truth is sometimes a little ugly."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "I think it's always ugly and beautiful-not just a little bit."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They climbed up three flights of stairs.  The air in the build\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smelled like a biology laboratory during the dissection of frogs.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 entered: internal organs in glass boxes of formalin; brains; an ear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with a joining canal; and then there was an entire baby standing there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 also in formalin and also inside its larg\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e glass aquarium.  The child
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was hauntingly ceramic in a grayish orange or ochre complexion and his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 body was so tightly rigid.  It had calcificans congenita and, she said,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it must have been born as a non-movable rock.  Then there was a child
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that had a gig\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 antic, alien head.  It had suffered from internal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hydrocephalus .  It was all there: babies born with amencephaly (some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with partial heads and all with no brains); fetuses; four month old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fetuses with placentas and umbilical cords (one with hands together \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 if it were praying or gesturing the "wei"); fetuses that were zygotic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 twin quadruplets; babies born as Siamese and conjoined twins such as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pycopasus twins that were attached from their buttocks and Siamese
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 epionathus parasiticus that each had a brother'\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s foot inimitably in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mouth; full term fetuses with their chests dissected so that their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 internal organs were exhibited from the slit; gigantic skeletons; dwarf
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 skeletons; twisted adult skeletons; regular skeletons upright in glass
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cupboards or in standin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g coffins each with his photograph above his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 skeleton--a photograph of what was; fetuses of all sizes and ages; and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a naked man and woman in whole with the front skin, muscle and skeleton
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 removed to give full view of their internal organs as one saw their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 private exterior organs.  There they were more than naked and fully
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 intact as if basking in a tanning booth in order to get a suntan-only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they were ochre and stiff as ceramic vases and floating in formalin or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 formaldeyhyde.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       He told himself that that \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from which one should hide he should
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 appreciate since it delivered him from the way he wanted the world to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be to what it really was. He repeated this to himself many times to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 quell the weltering tremble of nausea and to hide his horrified child
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the pres\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ence of Noppawan.  He told himself that seeing this almost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 delivered him to a new level of maturity.  If one could confront this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 without losing his nerve, he reasoned, he could break from the ghosts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of mother and father, the innate need for family, and the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  wish to be a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 less damaged "good for nothing."  He could sense the nuance of manhood
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 begin to brew up through him like a hot spring. Passing through another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aisle of stocked fetuses, he wondered about his conception.  Had it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been from loving caresses or a \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desperate release of stress and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 frustration on one who had capitulated?  Yes, the exhibition was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beginning to deliver him into a new awareness and the two of them could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sense that it affected the other in the same way and also thrust that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 individual into a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  soft sensitive regret for those who were never given
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a chance to sense themselves against the tactile sensations of the sun,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the warmth, the feel of grass under bare feet, the wind, the caresses,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the rain, and the respite from inordinate heat and sun.  Fe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eling virile
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and assured of this new manhood within him, he grabbed her hand swaying
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it in the pretense of joy as they interweaved slowly around the myriad
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cabinets.  He stared at it all as fully as he could.  It was there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shelf after shelf with some of it\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  towering so high that he couldn't see
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it very well at all.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm so happy that you aren't afraid.  When you come enough it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 almost seems like there is a spirit hovering above it all and that they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 appreciate someone being there for them.  I know that is\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  silly.  I'm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not even religious.  Maybe it is just that it is very quiet.  I often
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bring my books to the table near the skeletons. I just do some reading.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The doctors, the nurses, and the museum curator don't seem to mind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They just say, "Hi, Piggy."  And \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 again, it is a good place to run away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from it all.  Maybe it is a bit of a strange place to hide out for most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 people but most people are scared of their own shadows.  If nothing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 else this museum is a good place to know what death is-or at least come
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as clo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 se as one can. Most people haven't a clue what really happens to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one's body after death.  Decaying corpses would of course be better
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 than this but they are vile to one's nose with everything going back to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the elements and all." They descended the stairs.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She sensed that his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hand was very sweaty.  "You are glad that I brought you, aren't you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Sure" he said although he wasn't fully.  He knew that seeing this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had made a dark impression on him that he would never be able to shirk.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He suspected aptly th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at this friend of his had intentionally stabbed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the little innocence that was in him to match that of her own.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Enlightenment had punctured his innocence.  Outside, he stuffed his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hands in his pockets.  He felt a cold numbness in his limbs, a slight
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 coldnes\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s toward her, and ennui from memories of his peculiar history
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that would impair his future relationships with girls.  They sat on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stoop.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I hope you don't want to run away from me."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm not running.  I'm sitting here with you, aren't I?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2    \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   "Okay, I guess so."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "When you said "at least this was not a lie," what did you mean? 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I mean what are the lies?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "In society?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "There are too many to count."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Mention one."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "All right-religion.  My parents are Christi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ans. The servants are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Christians.  When I was little the servants took me to Sunday school.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There, the teachers would always talk about heaven. I couldn't figure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out why if one would be with her family in heaven after she dies, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the church teaches, that \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wouldn't mean being there with all humanity
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 regardless of religious preference.  If one were to be there with her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 father and mother, she'd be there with hers, and she with hers, and she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with hers, and that seems to me like everyone. After all everybody is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 supposed to be related to Adam.  That to me would mean that heaven is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 some type of polluted hellhole a million times worse than Bangkok with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 overcrowding so that you can't turn around without banging into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 someone. I don't know.  It isn't important really. \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  It just shows that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nobody thinks anything out.  Maybe Heaven is just a Country Club only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for Christian Hara Krishnas who say Christ is salvation in rote but I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 can't see how they'd extend much of an invitation to me. I never have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been much into rote." Jatu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pon didn't know who the Hara Krishnas were or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what a Country Club was but these items didn't detract from his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 positive impression of her opposition to sententious punctilio.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smiled.  This was certainly better than talking to a mosquito.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Tell me a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nother."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Another? All right.  I can keep firing them all day.  I can't see
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 how they can claim that King Phraya Taksin was really insane.  I mean
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the man created military strategies that were successful at getting the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Burmese out of the country, or at\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  least removed to Chaing Mai.  Then he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 decided to control the church as well as the politics.  He became
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 arrogant and said that he was now equal to Buddha and could dictate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doctrine and political laws.  The people said that he was insane and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his military e\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 xecuted him.  He didn't just go from being a great
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 military strategist to insanity and if he was insane, that's a sickness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and they wouldn't have executed sick people-just people they were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scared of."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "How do you know that?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       "It's easy, Jatupon.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   Just think it out.  Use some intuition and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 common sense.  He just was overly ambitious and they hated him and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 today we aren't supposed to think of him at all except as someone who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was insane.  We don't even have a road with his name attached to it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Have \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you ever traveled on Taksin Road?  It doesn't exist. Back then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they put the first general in his place and declared him King Rama I.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kings emerged from the Chakri Dynasty when really it should have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the descendents of Taksin.  I don't even know why, in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  such a poor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 country, we throw away tax money on these guys."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Be quiet.  Someone might hear you.  We could get arrested."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you really think they'd arrest 14 year olds?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "They'd arrest a 14 year old's parents."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "My father should be a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rrested."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you promise, as my best friend, to not tell anyone."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Sure."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "He raped me.  Don't run away from me Jatupon.  Promise you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 won't."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, of course I won't." He felt nervous.  He didn't know what to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 say.  "I'd neve\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r do anything like that," he affirmed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "So, you will buy the coffee?" she asked; and on the second floor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of Black Canyon the fumes of the molecules of coffee steam and "love"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slapped his senses. From the window of the air conditioned restaurant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 atched motor gondolas and express boats stir the waters the way
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 housewives in America would watch as their electric blenders stir cake
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mixes-each wave falling, being sucked into the force that pulled in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 new part of the wave and then being pushed out in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to the wave again.  It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was all so fast and all so interconnected and systematic that each of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the waves looked like frozen motion or like society itself.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He became mesmerized in the weltering waves.  He spoke glibly.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Families are supposed to be shelte\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r.  They're really just walls
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cobbled up from dirt, you know.  Mine doesn't even exist but in Kazem's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 head.  I feel sorry for him in ways. But sometimes I think I should
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 just run away completely and become a monk."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why don't you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Monks don't h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ave sex.  At least they aren't supposed to.  As you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 said, lies."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you have sex?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, of course I'm a little young for that," he lied.  He looked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around the restaurant to make sure that others were not listening to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them. "But I don't want to g\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ive up that part of me.  I don't think that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is right."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "My Auntie --well, really the servant but sort of the same except
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that she must obey me usually-she says I should never come ten feet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 near a monk since they are sexually repressed and might try to\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  reach
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 under a girl's skirt."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Maybe but I've never heard anyone talk that way about monks.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The newspapers rarely but that is with individual monks accused of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 crimes-- not monks altogether."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "My family is a bit different that way. It's their only\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  good
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 attribute."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      They sipped their coffee and then went to Silom Road on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 express boat. The annoyance of standing there in a crowd without a seat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 became an ethereal essence of truth and beauty for him. He could not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 remember being so happy. It stay\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed with him as they road the bus to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Lumpin Park.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      At a lake, in the park, they rented out a fishing boat.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 paddled it chasing one puff of cloud in the hope of using it as an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 umbrella.  They had cheese sandwiches, cola, sticky rice, and potato
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chip\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s that they consumed intermittently.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "If I stay much longer," she said an hour later, "they will start
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 looking for me-or at least the servants will.  I usually only run away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on Saturdays and Sundays.  I don't like missing too much school."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He kne\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 w what he had suspected on their first meeting: that her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rebellion was far larger and more personal than anything he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 witnessed before.  She kept mostly to intangible subjects like religion
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 because her repugnance toward religion had been easier for her \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 communicate. He felt her rebellion.  It stood out like a Long Necked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Karen (the native Burmese people living in Chaing Mai who had the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tradition of distorting the growth of their necks).  He felt her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rebellion and it was a novelty for him.  It intrigued\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  him and it felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wholly real.  He thought, in Thailand one gave the "wei" to Buddhist
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 statues, stupas, shrines, temples, and people who were older and of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 higher classes if such individuals exerted a powerful role over him;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and yet one did this not understa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nding why it was done. It occurred to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him that it was all ludicrous in a way and not just limited to Thai
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 customs.  How could she or anyone communicate the exact items that they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were rebelling against?  Rebellion was seen in the eyes but it could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not be re\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 adily explained and in ways it went contrary to nature and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 social response. Greed and aggression were entrenched in the survival
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of a being and lay latent but active within every cell but those cells
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were sugar coated with that cloying substance of Tha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 iland, the land of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smiles.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      As they paddled back she looked up at the puffy whiff of clouds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 above her and said, "This is real.  Relaxing and being part of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clouds and the second, attaching to the mystery of it all . . . the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 universe and time-that is\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the only thing that makes sense, don't you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 think?"  He smiled and nodded his head in pleasure.  Yes, this was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 certainly better than talking to the mosquito.  How strange they were.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Their serious probing of life and their awareness of the geyser of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 unique \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thoughts that erupted in them certainly didn't seem Thai.  A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 typical urban Thai yearned to languish if not extinguish himself or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 herself in strolls in a shopping mall, a movie, a video game, laughter,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cellular telephones, beer, and comic books.  Jatupon di\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d pursue the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pejorative in comic books as most Thai males from five to fifty and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 two of them were pursuing their quest of leisure as lazily as the best
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of Thais; still to him they seemed so different from all others.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      She asked about his parents an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d was saddened to hear of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tragedy. She probed into it further in interest and then backed away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 when she saw his pain.  Kindness and empathy illuminated her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 countenance.  She tried to mitigate his pain by becoming absorbed in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her own that she pursued \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 philosophically exempt of emotionalism. "My
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 parents are always moving around in the future. Ambition moves them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around like the places on a board game of chess-or draughts played by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 motorcycle taxi drivers when they wait-with the pop bottle caps-have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 een them?" He was startled by how her ideas had such confluence
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with his own.  She was an augmentation of his own thoughts.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      They left the park reluctantly.  She did not want to leave at all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 without assurances and he offered them.  He told her that his\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  brother
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was not a violent person.  He said that Kazem sometimes belted him when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he really deserved it but that there were plenty of times he deserved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it and yet his brother wouldn't touch him.  She seemed to believe his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 assurances and went away.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      As s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he vanished from his senses his empty hollow mind was filled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with images of half-headed beings, twisted skeletons, rigid corpses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like old ochre vases, the naked man and the woman floating in their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 formaldehyde glass coffins with their fronts carved out for\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the display
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of their entrails, the fetuses and their placentas, one child that had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 such a gigantic head and another one that had been born like a solid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 never feeling motion. These images attacked his consciousness.  It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seemed to him that the world was a l\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oveless and ceaseless factory that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 replicated over and over again manufacturing slightly damaged and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 terribly damaged products with impunity.  He paid his two baht to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lady in the glassless window and went into the public bathroom.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wept for those wh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o had deserved better than this.  Then his weeping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 poured into himself.  He knew that after what he saw he should not want
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anything more from his life than the noodles that sustained him and yet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he did.  He knew he should not want a more purified love than\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  what
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem extended to him and yet he nonetheless did.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     The hours of that spring day came and went indistinguishably from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other seasons, and all days were clones with stoic dispositions. His
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 majesty, King Rama IX, a few hours earlier, had changed the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  seasonable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 robes of the Emerald Buddha like a girl dressing a doll.  He then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 presided over the plowing ceremony with its blessings to the rice
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 goddess; and watched one cow predict the agricultural future of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nation from its bovine appetites--the cow wa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ndering over to preferred
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 troughs filled with anything from brandy to barley, beans and rice, or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 just plain water--instinctively consuming something or another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 interpreted as conditions prosperous or economically disparaging.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Further into the heart of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the city, Suthep slept removed from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mooing of omniscient cows in Sanam Luang which stood on an island of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dirt where kites had flown surrounded by inundating dark black exhaust
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fumes and fast, obnoxious wheeled beasts, honking their loud voices as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  passed each other. Tucked in his smaller cell he rode the REM of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being.  He dreamed he was on a motorcycle leaving his uncomfortably
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tight partial apartment that was comfortably free of brothers and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 awkward moments of catching them together.  Hired to cat\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 er his fried
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rice with chicken he cooked it, put it on paper plates, and sealed the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 plates with plastic wrap. Then he put them in baskets on opposite sides
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of a bamboo pole.  Balancing the pole of baskets on his back, he drove
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to a government building.  Wh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y the banquet only had that one dish of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "kow pat" (fried rice) was a point that the dream did not address.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Also the street names were not those of the Dusit area but those of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 central Bangkok. As he came near the building , a limousine hit him and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hurried o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ff.  Blood poured from the orifice of his face. There was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nothing but gray and a firm belief he would die.  The ambulance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 drivers, none of whom were paramedics, came to pillage him of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wallet and watch. He got up, Thai boxed them for his things, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rea\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lized as they ran from him in fright that he was as ethereal as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cloud. And then his parents came out of nothingness and he told them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that they needed to go away since he (ghost or man) was now a free
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 agent and did not need them any longer.  As he got bac\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 k on his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 motorcycle someone knocked on the door.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He woke up but his brain was retarded in an earlier being.   As he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 heard the knocking he imagined that Jatupon was lying beside him and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 listening to his scurrying feet move toward the door.  So many yea\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they had slept in the same room.  They had slept side by side until a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 few years ago.  Did he love his brother so much that he would wake up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with him skirting around in his dreams?  Maybe he did since the habit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of being with him was long.  The youngest s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ibling was so much of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 past and he had been accustomed to him without major aversion.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 habit of being with someone without major repugnance was indeed the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 only thing that constituted fraternal love; and yet, little as it might
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be, it was what the pa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rticles of black space in the universe were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 created for.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Suthep, slapped a cap on his head with the visor inverted to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 back of his head and greeted the knocker in his underwear.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "A le nuh?," (what is it?), asked Suthep as he straightened the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ap. It was a man in livery asking the surname of this family of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 impoverished brothers.  Suthep imagined the stink of his armpits as he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 addressed the guest and the staleness of air in the room which was in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 deep need of a deodorizer. He began to feel foolish\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  but he kept his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boyish poise while the man tried to withhold his laughter.  He didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hear the question.  The man repeated it and Suthep wanted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 prevaricate.  Then he reluctantly said that his last name was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Biadklang.  It was the senator's page and they\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  were finally invited to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 meet the apotheosis that had given them their living.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                               Chapter 11
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       It was no wonder that one set of freaks felt cognate with another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 set.  For him, the sight of the formaline or formaldyhyde-lad\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 en corpses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at the Siriaj Hospital Museum as well as the girl who introduced him to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them seemed to have exhilarated a nascent courage, an oozing, a growth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hormone of the mind.  New neurological connections were burgeoning or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the same ones were reconnecting \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in different patterns. Anyhow, he felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the inception of something new that made him feel that he wasn't quite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the same: that he was outgrowing patterns of behavior.  He was not able
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to distinguish if his freakishness was exceptional, deficient, or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 exceptio\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nally deficient to the point of being inept. Certainly if his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gray matter made him innately exceptional, his noodles made him less
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 than ordinary. His gray matter was becoming grayer with each dusk of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dying day.  Being with noodles so long no doubt loosen\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed this compact
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tissue of brain into something quite slimy. The use of his brain in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mundane tasks of thinking about the size of meat he wanted to cut with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the butcher knife had perhaps cut his corpus callosum.  At least he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought so.  But regardless o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f being superior or inferior in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 freakishness, this was who he was. There was a history: the history was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of being maimed.  There was the character of Jatupon: there were dark
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 prodigious forces inside and outside that frame that were ineluctable.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 No cele\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stial power would rectify his life by making family better than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what it was or himself, the sordid bastard that loomed there, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hallowed and saintly as what he once believed monks to be.  Nature
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 begot freaks of the worst kind and so becoming a freak in th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e tossing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the passing years was understandable.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Jatupon's ego was not turgid.  In ways it was self-deprecating.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That which hadn't been squashed by his father and eldest brother,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 poured into countless bowls, or slapped onto myriad plates had such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eformed and stunted growth. He had trouble making opinions about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 people.  He did it with shy reluctance and usually the feelings he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about them never emerged all that much in a cohesive thought. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 considered Noppawan Piggy to be his superior in intelle\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ct and yet there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was one thing about her he had to admit that he detested and that was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the abhorrent smell of baby powder that came from her body.  It made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon feel like his nose had gotten trapped in a dust storm in which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 naked and screaming babies fl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ew with the dust in an attack against him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Not all girls and women in Thailand smelled the same but those who had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 abhorrent smells, although not abhorrent themselves, couldn't be said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to be totally agreeable.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Upon leaving the park his intention was to\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  go to the library and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 look up information on the peculiarities he had seen in the museum that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had smiled upon him freak to freak but he found himself distracted by a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 large comic book kiosk that whisked him off from this world to that of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 another.  One such\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  comic book was set into the future of 3000 AD and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 non-existent creatures with little resemblance to anything extant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 propelled him into problems of their non-existent agricultural and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mining planet-colonies and he lost himself there for an hour.  How
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 splen\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 did it was to lose oneself wholly and he savored the time there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 until his left foot fell asleep while he was seated on a plastic stool.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Then he stood up.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Your time is up again."  Jatupon faced a scrawny teenager with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 glasses who was a year or two old\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 er than he was.  "Are you reading or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 buying?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Reading" he said; but afterwards he stretched his neck only to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 see his reflection in the store's anti-theft mirror.  The skin around
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his eye looked darker and it felt even more painful.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You need to \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pay another fifteen baht to continue reading."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, I guess I'll stop reading.  I'll go," he said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Standing there ready to go, his taciturn heart pardoning Kazem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who had been the only one who cared about him, he tried to not think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about the hot s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tinging of the swelling around his eye.  Instead, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought about this uncle whom he had only met on rare occasions long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ago.  It seemed that it only took the frequent utterance of his name
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and they had been granted a livelihood--a continuing sustenance a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 by magic.  And yet it had not exactly been much of an effusion of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 magic.  It had been the most niggardly and scanty display that any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 affluent magic man could bestow and it brought the renewal of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 servitude. Before they were restored to a similar \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but diminished
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 livelihood, they had often spoken of this vaguely real or super-real
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 entity (this uncle by a marriage) as one might think of the early king
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Ramas of the Chakri Dynasty.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Walking away from the kiosk, he wanted to return to early
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 childhood\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 : of hopscotch, climbing trees with his brothers, Suthep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 teaching him how to throw a ball, taking cups of ice to the customers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 so that they could pour out the water in pitchers that were on their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tables, skin around the eyes that wasn't black and swollen, \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time when his body wasn't being invaded.  He could run away for good;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but where would he run?   There was nothing in Ayutthaya and if he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 really wanted to run away he would be more invisible in Bangkok. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would need money.  He considered becoming a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Luk Thung singer of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Traditional Thai music.  They wore their heavy makeup and pointed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 golden tiaras for beggarly bits of baht. However, he told himself that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his voice probably wasn't as good as the worst of them and even if it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was he did not want to do tr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 icks for a few baht.  It was too demeaning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and contrary to the aristocratic life he envisioned. There was a famous
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Swedish Luk Thung singer named Jonas Anderson who had lived his whole
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 life in Thailand but only someone with vocal training and boldness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 coul\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d persevere to be someone accomplished in this musical genre.   He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could run to Noppawan Piggy's home.  He had the address on the mail she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sent to him. But there would be no sense in running to someplace that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Noppawan herself was running from and the likel\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ihood of a rich family
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 taking in a strange teenager, and an ex-burglar and quasi-drug addict
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at that, was more than a remote possibility.  An emaciated dog with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clumps of fur falling out had a greater chance of being made into a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pet.  Just as the need for \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the enzymes of animal protein was one trait
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of many linking the human to and as an animal, so enmeshed in soul,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sentiment, and survival he clung to Kazem for his sense of home and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 family.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He knew that he was just a collection of molecules being shot o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ut
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into space and time.  Others were the same but they flew away from him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in their own deviant paths.  He knew.  He thought he knew.  Did he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know?  Did he really know anything?  Thoughts were so dreary.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 enervated him. He got on a bus to go home (that\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  stationary foundation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from which outlook, experience, thought, and restoration of energy for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 movement were generated). Even on such a simple event as going home he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was lost in the intricate circuits of his brain, lost in the labyrinth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 within himself.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  But through the window he saw the clear beauty of other beings
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that passed; and even in the ugly faces there was a posture, a smile,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 even a vehement depth of lonely despair so uniquely beautiful and yet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 universal.  The bus passed four stores each of which\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  seemed to alternate a presentation of boys, dogs, and combinations sleeping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against the facades of buildings. The passing was quick like fingers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moving against a keyboard and the sight was as euphonious as melancholy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in sound.  Then for a second, in stall\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed traffic, Jatupon found himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 looking into the deep eyes of a deformed boy beggar. Jatupon was inside
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the bus and the boy outside of it, but they both saw an affinity in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 each other.  They were the same.  They were both unfortunate beggarly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 outsiders be\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aten up by life; and yet he was riding around in an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 air-conditioned bus.  He was not one of the 2 billion people who lived
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on 2 dollars a day in a rural area on the verge of starvation.  Inside
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the bus the facial expressions of the money collector were sto\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ne as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 death with monotony that was distinct, ebullient, and luminous as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sunlight against wind-rippled leaves. A woman sleeping in a seat to his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 right had a head that fell toward the aisle, straightened, fell again,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and straightened like a pendulum.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  might have gone back to work to appease Kazem.  He might have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 started taking orders from the customers with no explanation and let
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the hours make the whole issue of his long absence mute.  His brother
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would not have made an embarrassing scene in public.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The hours would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alone have just slowly uncorked it all allowing the rage to disperse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slowly and unnoticed.  The restoration of old habits would have made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the past issue so irrelevant that a bit of the mind would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 questioned if his absence had even occu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rred.  It had been his intention
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to do so when he left the comic book kiosk and it continued to be his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 intention when he sat on the seat in the bus.  Yet a human being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fulfilled few intentions.  Scholars were sociable creatures who needed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 meaningless actio\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n and cacophony even when it adulterated their aims.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Petty government officers on their meager salaries, as well as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 well-paid top tier, didn't need to be cloistered in the political
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 issues that mired the day but yearned for sports columns in their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 news\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 papers and genuflected to the action effusing from their television
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sets. And tired people on Bangkok busses that were plodding their way
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slowly through traffic had intentions other than sleep but yearned for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rest and an easy way home.  He was one of the l\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 atter that needed sleep;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and yet when he was in the cell, which was his home, his mind was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 active in dread.  Its color was gray, its texture coarse, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 molecules that oozed up from it acrid.  Within the space of his own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 head he was vanquished in the g\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 loom, the nothingness, the vanished
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thoughts of the hollow cavities that were part of one waiting for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 punishment.  He lay on the floor with an old, previously read comic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 book in his hands.  His head was so preoccupied with the barrenness of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought and the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  feeling of dread that he didn't understand the pictures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and the words.  He got up.  He dipped up a bowl of rice from a rice
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cooker, drenched it in soy, chili sauce, and a bit of pepper and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vinegar. He did his pushups in front of a televised soccer game an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 when the game was over he shut off the set and in an hour sleep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 percolated over him.  In his dreams he was in a penthouse on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fifteenth floor and below him were beggars like moving dots.  Above the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moving dots were moving golden skies of sunset.  Giga\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ntic clouds moved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 through the air in the shape of viruses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Then there was a punch on his face and it reopened the facial
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wound causing blood to rush on the floor.  In that second his dream
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fragmented into many dreams and spun out of control.  He was n\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o longer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in a penthouse but was a sidewalk-based seamster with his little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 antique sewing machine, a pedal, and a hill of torn clothes he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 supposed to sew.  He was all alone on a cement cover of a city sewer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that went under the sidewalk. Then he fell int\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o the sewer.  Self was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gone. In the last of his dream or dreams, before he completely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 awakened, there was no self.  There was just the scene of a large park
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ahead of him, the aesthetic glow of a withdrawing sun, and an old man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who bought some phad-thai and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  found a pavilion near a lake.  He sat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 down and began to eat his noodles, watching the lights of skyscrapers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and the fast moving traffic far beyond the lake.  The cacophony of boys
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 playing football irritated him because he was envious of it.  He put
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his em\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pty Styrofoam container back in the plastic bag and laid it down.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  A rat scurried from one flower and fern bed; and dragged the bag into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 another flowerbed.  The old man could hear the gnawing of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Styrofoam.  Jatupon sensed that the rat might be himself.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He felt blood oozing from him and uniting as a puddle under his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 face.  Kazem, dumbfounded by the vehement rage that disgorged from him,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 floundered a few steps in the room, sat down, and whined, "It's all on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me. If you are on drugs or stealing somethi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng, I've got to get you out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of it.  It's all on me. I have to be responsible for you but you just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 do whatever you please."  His voice trailed away and faltered.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cleared his throat. "You don't ever behave with any responsibility
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 toward me. I give you da\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ys off here and there.  I don't get any.  You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 work or don't work or work for one of us and not the other based on how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you feel on a given day.  You steal money out of my pockets and I don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 say anything. Don't blame me. You've brought it on yourself."  Jat\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 upon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sat up and glared with one eye.  The second eyelid was already drooping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from swelling.  It wouldn't open fully and it squinted from a bit of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 blood that sank into it.  He intuitively guessed that his brother knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he was losing control of him.  He waite\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d and observed the guilt-ridden
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 countenance and the gauche retreat from the offensive.  He judged that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the assault had been a desperate one.  Jatupon smiled malevolently as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of a masochist exuding pride that the pain had only brought the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 opposite wish of th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e inflictor.  Kazem's unpaid noodle worker who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wasn't allowed to loosen his fetters and shackles had slipped from them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anyway.  He had gone out to see Piggy and there was nothing Kazem had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been able to do to stop him.  Jatupon smiled wider.  Then he guffaw\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scoffingly like a lunatic although the pleasure soon extinguished
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 itself.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you want me to come over there and squeeze the juice out of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your head?"  The muscles in Kazem's arms and legs suddenly stiffened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like one ready to suddenly stand and atta\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ck.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm not listening to you," Jatupon spoke firmly. "You are a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pathetic bully-a fucking ape--and it is the end of it for me.  It is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the end of it!" Manhood's conviction and effrontery reeked from his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mouth like foul breath and Kazem, who already wan\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ted to wreak havoc on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his impudence, flipped him over with the elastic of his underwear like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a pancake.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Okay, swim in your own blood. Swim! Let's see you drown in it."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon's hair was twisted in Kazem's fingers and his face was in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 own blood as\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the thick leather hand swatted him a few lateral slaps.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Then Kazem's compunction again caused him to flounder back to his seat.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  It was the only chair in the room.  He put his elbow on his leg and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hand on the forehead of his genuflected head.  His ideas w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ere
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 discombobulated.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2    Jatupon was floundering too from more than the nausea of lost blood.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He was half a boy and half a man and this newly begotten half called a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "man" was having manhood castigated, excoriated, and leaked from him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Callow as he was, he \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was not just half a man or half a boy the way the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nightjar poem concerned itself with a bird-boy. He was a hybrid of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boy/man and God with vast wisdom from fathoms of himself examined from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 suffering.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He again stared at the other presence in the room.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 monster, a being of violence, and an unknown phantom. Still this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 monster was the one who had delivered him from the watery abyss, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one who did not chastise his addiction (at least then he didn't) but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was with him through the withdraws, the one \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who fixed his bicycle, who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had introduced him to basketball and his first beer. Appearing like his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brother it was the brother mixed with some type of shadowy creature he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could not comprehend and this being, familiar and unfamiliar, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 loathed.  The elastic\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  of his underwear had been encroached.  He had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been violated with those fingers. His body had been flipped over like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pancake.  He had felt his face pushed in a puddle of his blood.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Sitting on the floor, piercing him with his eyes, he wanted to purge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  beast from his life.  Then a few seconds later his next conscious
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 assembly of understanding only made him want to vanish.  He wanted so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 much of the impossible that second: for the substance of his own life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to vaporize swiftly and meaninglessly and opposit\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e of this, to kill the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 monster and resurrect his dwarfed manhood in his own eyes. Sitting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there he felt as if time had ended and that all entities on the Earth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were waiting and watching the two of them in silent dread but neither
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 god nor man cared about an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y aspect of this relationship at all.  Things
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 went on as cruel as death.  In one second a fly flew and landed in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bottle of water, a dog barked from outside, a rat scurried around in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 front of the building for food, a family was feuding in the apartment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ab\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ove him, and a car came onto the thin long back-road called a soi.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Kazem looked onto this bludgeoned ugly little face reluctantly and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon felt like a piggish or bovine woman whose acquaintance said,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "We could never be more than friends, you know" \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and she--Yes, she could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 see. She could see--hadn't she seen it before?  Had she really
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dismissed those countless earlier smirks of repugnance aimed at her fat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 enervated face and her clumsy tense body both of which made her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nothing.  Mother nature made the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being breed with the best of bodies to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 create a good physical specimen in the baby.  Sex, romance, or just an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 intimate talk with a man would not be hers since she could not trigger
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the pleasure response--not even intellectually.  Romantic and sexual
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inclin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ations were discriminatory.  They were as cruel as death and she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would tell him that sex wasn't intimacy although she wouldn't believe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it.  She craved such intimacy more than she could ever articulate and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she would not tell him that. She would tell him tha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t being in love was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a delusion that one biologically craved to propagate the species. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would say that she did not want to go through the brief illusion of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being in love.  She did not want to be high in urinary molecules from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his underwear flying into he\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r face when he had her denuded and lying on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a bed littered in clothes. She would tell him that one generation after
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 another would dance its sexual dance before passing and that she had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been fortunate enough to be born a disagreeably unaesthetic thing with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a face like a mushy old apple.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Feeling sick and weak, his mind was running away from him.  His
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 head was thinking himself a different gender. He was believing that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could hear the content of the feuding family upstairs.  The eldest son,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 having gotten\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  his girlfriend pregnant, had been compelled to bring her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into the home and the fight was about him running away from the family
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 every evening after work to drink with his buddies.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Then suddenly, without even knowing it, he stood up, grabbed the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 telev\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ision that Kazem had given to him as a gift, and he was running
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 toward him.  There he was aiming the television at his brother's head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 only to have it reflexively snatched from him by Kazem's dexterous
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fingertips.  Finally, there he was peering up at it and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  backing away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into the corner where he came from, realizing that one impulse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 materialized in action had caused a counter action that was about ready
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to kill him.  It had been just one unrestrained impulse that, repulsive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to the consciousness, he hadn't eve\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n considered; and it had slipped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from his brain slimy as a worm.  It had materialized in action and now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it had lethal consequences.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Don't play so hard, boys" said Kumpee.  In Jatupon's perspective
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the stink of his smoke-ridden clothes and the beer of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  his breath gave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an acrid and fetid cloud which was miraculously saving him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Kazem lowered his arms.  "Where the hell have you been?" he asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He put the television on the floor relieved at having escaped the worst
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 passion that can fulminate in a man\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  and lose him in the deepest abyss
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of regret.  Sweat poured from Kazem's forehead and his face became a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 deep red in chagrin.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "With my woman. If you were to have a woman you wouldn't have so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 much time to play with your Jatu-PORN."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Where's our mon\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ey?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Invested."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Invested how?"  He grabbed the chair and sat down.  He wiped the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sweat from his forehead.  Jatupon was already seated in a corner with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his puddle of blood.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "But your worries have ended.  The senator's page visited you,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 didn\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 't he?  Maybe he was our uncle's chauffeur.  I forget now.  You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 look confused.  He came to my apartment to tell me the definite date
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for the agreed dinner after somehow finding Suthep and informing him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Well, anyhow, it happened because of my own efforts."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "You visited him and got him to agree to see us?  You? How could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you do that looking as you do? I tried many times.  I don't believe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, there's nothing I can do about your hateful beliefs, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all the same I'm telling you the truth."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2    "So, you are the big brother looking after all of us now" said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem incredulously. He snickered.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Sure. It's obvious by age and merit.  I've never tried to kill
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one of you in the entire duration of my 18 years.  Aren't I the lucky
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 omen?  I saved y\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ou both from killing each other and had some additional
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 favorable news to spill out."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What was your reason for coming here?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Nothing.  Just to make sure you were coming."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "When?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Next Saturday."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Time?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "6 p.m."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an deal with him.  I don't want to stay here tonight.  I'm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 finished watching over these two.  I'm leaving."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Two?  I only see one.  The other monkey didn't like you and ran
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 away.  And where, might I ask, are you going?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "A Hotel.  A bar.  A massa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ge parlor.  Anywhere I like although it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 isn't any of your business."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It seems rather wasteful to me when I have provided this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 apartment for you rent-free but I guess you can go ahead."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Kazem laughed sardonically for a minute.  He needed to rele\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ase
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the shock of discovering the vile hatred that had arisen in himself and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon and the serendipitous arrival of Kumpee, who if worthless at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 everything else, had delivered them from being sealed into the body
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bags of unrestrained emotion.  "It hasn't b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 een rent free for a long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time. We get billed from the father of your Chinese bitch and we pay
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the money like responsible tenants-bank transfers."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "She was a bitch," said Kumpee pensively.  He became preoccupied
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with this self-absorbed thought. "And he\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r father just couldn't warm up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to what could have been his son in law.  I'm seeing her sister now."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Then he stared at Kazem with a specific intent.  "Just remember the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 appointment and that you need to be punctual.   Since you need some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time away I'll look \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 after the little one."  Jatupon mumbled a response.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  "What did you say?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Nothing."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, come on.  What did you say?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't need you.  I hate you worse than I hate him," said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon.  Kumpee laughed and then all of them were taciturn for\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 minute. Kazem folded some clothes and put them in a bag.   Kumpee got a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bottle of coca cola from a carton in the corner and pulled off the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bottle top by wedging it like a lever between the drawer of a cabinet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and its handle.  He drank slowly savoring ev\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ery sip.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Maybe that attitude toward older brothers is what has caused your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 head to be kicked around like a football," said Kumpee after Kazem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 left the apartment and he heard the door shut.  "What do you think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about that, you little monkey," he said a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s his fingers disheveled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon's hair abrasively and then pulled his ear playfully.  "Just you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and me, Jatuporn.  Jatuporn.  Why do you think that you are called
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatuporn?"  Jatupon slithered into a dry corner and began to shake.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tried not to cry.  "\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Why did you do that?  I'm not going to hurt you,"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 said Kumpee; but it was really the loss of blood, the trauma, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 opaque surrealism of what had occurred that made him tremble.  "I see
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your eyes all watered.  You want to cry, don't you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I want to s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 leep.  I don't understand any of this.  I don't."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You've got to know more than I do about it."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well I don't"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Mmmm.   Well, he was ready to put you in the television.  You did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 something you shouldn't or maybe you just wouldn't let him put \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into you.  Have you become a frigid bitch?  Have you, Jatuporn?  You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought I didn't know about that, didn't you?  You thought that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nickname we created for you didn't mean anything but just meanness but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 we had a reason for giving it to you."  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He chuckled.  "I keep an eye on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 my boys.  That you can be sure of."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Kumpee sat down beside the sprawled body of his brother and drank
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his cola in equanimity, from time to time placing the bottle between
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his legs.  "I needed more from my life than this\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 , you know.  Do you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 remember when we were kids and we collected bottles like this.  We got
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a few baht from the stores for every twenty we brought into them.  We
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought we would buy a Chinese restaurant for father and mother with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 air conditioning and an el\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ectric juke box."  He laughed.  "Maybe you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 don't remember.  You were four or five."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I do." Jatupon really couldn't remember this but yearning for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 some unadulterated version of innocent love or compassion not linked to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the selfish inclinations that we\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 re part of being human, he halfway
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 believed that he remembered and he put his hand on his brother's arm.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kumpee's posture tightened.  The eldest brother felt squeamish from a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 man's hand on him but, not wanting to reject the youngest outright he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 did not mov\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e his arm.  Also, a sick curious depravity began to flood
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out of the squalor of the recesses to his mind.  He looked at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 half-empty phallic bottle, picked it up, and said "What about this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bottle?  Would you take in anything hard?" But the youngest broth\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 er was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 asleep and so, a minute later, he removed the hand and abandoned him.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                                          Chapter 12
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      It was their third time playing the board game of Monopoly that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 week and Porn sensed that another ine\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 luctable habit was being imposed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 onto her more from within than without.  She often deliberately tossed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the dice directly into his token when it was near her side of the board
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but mostly her rolling was with a lethargic rattling in her palm and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the apathet\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ic dropping of dice from her numb fingertips. Once she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 spilled the content of her glass, which then flooded over Marlborough
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and Vine Streets as well as Community Chest. She snowed her popcorn
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 crumbs over two colors of property. He silently blamed her clum\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 siness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on the vodka that she had mixed into her cola.   From time to time he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could see irascible facial expressions cutting through her guile of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 complacent concentration and close lipped smiles but he told himself it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was just a bit of competitive strife or\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  tipsiness even though he knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 better. At the beginning of each game, for the brief period that it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lasted, he felt for certain that she enjoyed playing and discussing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 life with him.  He was right about the former.  For her the beginning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the game brought\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the rush of accumulating play-money, gibbering her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 attempts at English to play the game, and having one monotony replace
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that of another.  The game was one way of killing an hour or more of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 given day as sedately as a hot bath.  She hated cold weather to\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  such
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 extremes that, outside of her irregular attendance at the language
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 school, the nearby grocery store a block or two away from this distant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 campus had become her only cultural attraction.  She was waiting for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 spring but meanwhile her life was becoming \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as frigid as a housewife.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It certainly is coming down," he said as he heard hail beat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against the windows. "You surely aren't thinking about going out in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I never do," she said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I mean you can if you want."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, master."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "You get to massage my feet for that comment, dearest.  I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 especially like it when you go down on each toe the way you do; but, as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a gentleman, I don't force that on you."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, master."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you like anything about the classes at all?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "The st\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 udents and the teacher are old, Nawin. There's nothing to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 say."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "How old?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Old.  Retirement age. "
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Hmm... it is strange that they should be immigrating to Canada
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at an old age like that."  She ignored him.  "Don't you think so?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I do\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n't know Nawin.  Roll your dice."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      She knew that the only force really binding her on that chair at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the kitchen table was herself. She was uncomfortable with his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tenderness because it shackled her at his side but out of courtesy to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him she tolerated th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e situation with only a few major grimaces. This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 quality time together had occurred for her sake but she minimized its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 effects where she could.  She cynically told herself that these games
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were his pathetic way of finding relief from his solitary ways. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 felt sorry for him and this sympathy ameliorated the loathing she was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beginning to feel for the introverted bore.  Looking back on what she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 knew of him, she assessed that this wooer of whores had always stayed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in safe circles.  In Thai parties that they h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ad attended following his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 exhibits he had never been much of a mingler and had relied on her to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be his public relations gadabout.   Here in Canada he wasn't a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 celebrity.  For him there were just classes and an occasional sale of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 painting.  She had no rol\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e with him here.  She was a bed partner and a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 grocery shopper.  Even when fulfilling the wifely forgery of grocery
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shopping, she was curtailed by financial considerations.  If she didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 buy generic food of inferior taste he reprimanded her for overspendin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Porn asked if Park Place and Boardwalk were real properties and he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 told her that they might be.  It was a question that she had also posed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 two days earlier but Nawin responded to it with the same cheerfulness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as if there had been sense in asking it\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a second time. She asked if he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought they were well known New York City properties and he told her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that was quite possible.  She glanced at their quality time together
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 through the slow perennial movements of the second hand. These
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 movements of the long \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 second hand were so wobbly as if 60 seconds were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like climbing over a mountain range. She would not only glance up at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the kitchen clock but also the window as if expecting the snow to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 melted and birds singing in her window.  She had wanted his attention
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and now that she had it she realized that this was just aspirin dulling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the headache.  There was a bigger problem.  Being poor and lacking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 choices had caused her rabid craving for more of everything just as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 something long ago down deep in him was probably\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  responsible for his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 artistic brooding.  The past was always sucking one into its whirlpool.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He rolled the dice and moved his token.  "Oh, Old Kent Road-I want
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why do you want worthless properties like that?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't think either of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  those two properties are worthless."  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smiled as radiantly as a child pleased to have one of his best friends
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 participating in one of his favorite games. He closed his lips in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tight thoughtful smile.  "You know what I've been thinking about?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ." She didn't really care.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "When you met Piggy for the first time."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      She frowned.  Was this what they had become: a couple of tycoon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wannabes, two individuals acting like a married couple, or worse two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 people acting like an old couple reminiscing \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about their early days in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 front of bored games or a deck of cards?  They did not have years
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 together-just two or three months of knowing each other--and she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought he had no right to reminisce about anything.  As much as she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hated the past, the present wa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s equally bad at absorbing one in its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 reality. She had now become his wife because she was with him at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 present. His wife had been relegated as one force that had brought them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 together because she was not immediately accessible nor was she sexual.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Oh," she\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  said disinterestedly. She rolled the dice with more force and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moved her token from the present to the future. "I'll take that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 railroad," she said.  Still she couldn't help being influenced by him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and for a couple seconds she was absorbed in that immediate\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  past.  That
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 day had been good but strange. After Noppawan had taken her shopping at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Chatuchok Market for clothing, they briefly went into the Butterfly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Farm and Insect Museum (a neutral alternative to the deleterious
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 proposal of Siriaj Hospital's dead peo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ple museum that made Porn gasp).
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The butterflies were fine.  She enjoyed seeing their colors flittering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around the caged park although the encasement of dead insects in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 adjacent room was not to her liking.  The face bug with its human
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 camouflage on its\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  back was for her as frightening as it was fascinating
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to Noppawan.  She watched this wife of Nawin.  She was the type that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would put her nose and glasses up against, in her opinion, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 damnedest of things. When they arrived at the married couple's second
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 home on the opposite part of the city he was fixing a meal for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 three of them.  He was preparing salad, toasting hamburger buns on a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 barbeque, and microwaving meatless tofu hamburgers in a culture that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was all his own.  As the two women chatted on the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 balcony Porn tried to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 overcome feeling like a face bug caught in a key chain. As they ate,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dusk elongated and then intertwined their shadows before night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 approached. Soon the remnant of the day became a violet, a purple, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a black and she felt like a chi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ld first introduced to colors through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 crayons.  They watched the lit barges on the river and gorgeous glassy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 skyscrapers with lit angular tiaras.  Strangely enough she felt at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 peace with them as if they were more than friends but family and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 words of mo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 del or prostitute did not exist. Still it was strange and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uncomfortable because it was so strange.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He dreamed that he was in her mind, that there was adrenalin in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the rebellion, that this adrenalin was the meaning of it all, and that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the meaning of \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all luminesced from her.  Immediate relatives and some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more distant ones had her life planned for her; and her parents, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 main instigators of the status quo in their family, were rocks.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 didn't change apart from greed that intensified with years and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  tiers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Stratums of higher and more violent winds raged them in insatiable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 appetites.  Wants fed more wants insatiably.  They stayed on the same
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 growing pieces of land, had the same opulent homes and efficient
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 factories (although more and more of them), ma\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tched political ideas to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whatever brought benefits to their wallets, and with these government
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 positions they implanted such aspirations on the little brother's mind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with the idea that he was clay by which a conqueror with a double edged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sword of business \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and politics was formed. After going into the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 monastery to have his foray as a monk and finishing his university
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 education he would be this and once she found a man in college she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would be that.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      She, the girl, would be less of the plan but still, year\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s into the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 future, they would partition a piece of their land and give it to her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 husband.  She would be expected to reproduce her higher beings on their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 land allowing the elderly parents to be spared loneliness by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sounds of young voices.  She would be \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 expected to take care of them as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their servants had taken care of her and to absolutely inebriate them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against any suffering as if Buddha's attempts at bypassing human
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 suffering had been an avoidance of it. This would begin in a decade or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 so (such a quick \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 passing of time).  She would be expected to succumb to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 female yearnings-this needing of another to escape the lonely void,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this need to reach out for the silk of human flesh, to consume, to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 care, to be intermingled entities in love, and reproduce.  And yet\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had been nothing but a little doll that they had shown off and shoved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into a storage room especially when she was dirty or naughty.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      And then her bedroom became a limb of a tree and there she was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 transforming into an adult female mosquito and he w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as becoming a male
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one.  There they both were in complete maturity.  He did his dance and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he rubbed his legs so as to attract her with his sound.  She was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ceramic in her stiffness.  Her skin was ochre like the dead bodies at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the Siriaj Hospital museum sunk\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  into their glass caskets of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 formaldehyde.  Yet her eyes were lively even though they looked at him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 so askance and distant.  She smiled with her closed insect lips.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smile was ingenuous and warm but wry.  He could tell from these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 infinitesimal muscular\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  contractions and relaxation in her stony insect
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 face that she did not want him to think of their friendship as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 relationship and the words passed from brain to brain (hers to his, his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to hers, and hers to his like a mutating ping pong ball) something to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the effect that a being was born selfish and two selfish beings
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 together were a compounded selfish knot and so something new was in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 order.  Something new was in fact in order.  There, ardent in her eyes,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was the relationship of her parents: it was based on\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  hoarding property
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and power.  It also was based on begetting emotional servants for their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 old age and that in particular was abhorrent to her.  But he, the male
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mosquito that was programmed for copulation and no other task, loved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her.  He had to since he \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 needed her for the satisfaction of his hungers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and a deliverance from the past.  He continued with his male-on-the-make dance.  She bit into him.  His blood was on her lips.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      And when he woke up he wasn't himself.  His ideas were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 discombobulated and he\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  could tell that his consciousness or sanity was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like a loose button on a thin thread dangling from his shirt.  He was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ill and numb as if all of his senses were bandaged over in gauze.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 woke up fully, checked his face in the mirror to see that it was st\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ill
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the same, and washed it.  He tried to desist from many thoughts.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thoughts were pins stabbing him. He turned on the television, muted the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sound, and saw images as the hours of the day became vanquished.  Then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem came back early to bring him some food\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  and in so doing he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 suspended their mutual reticence briefly.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I have some food for you," he said in disgust.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Thanks" Jatupon responded in insolent despondency.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The next day it was the same.  Kazem came back briefly with some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 food and a new\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  pair of sunglasses for Jatupon's face.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I have some food for you," he said in disgust.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Thanks" Jatupon responded in insolent despondency.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I also have some sunglasses for you" Kazem said in disgust.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Thanks" Jatupon responded with a s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 urly and begrudging tone of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nearly mute volume.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He controlled his contempt out of an instinct for self-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 preservation.  He wanted to keep himself from being bludgeoned with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sledgehammer of his brother's fist or beaten with the leather skin of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  slaps.  Kazem wanted to ask if Kumpee had said anything more about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their dinner engagement with the senator as an effort to establish its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 veracity-a senator they called uncle as a disingenuous ploy to bring
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them into a greater stratum of wanting and needi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng, winds of higher and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more pleasurable velocity.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The mosquito buzzed around Jatupon's blackened eyes and then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around the opened bottle of glue.  With his wings he made a pejorative
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 click the way people use their tongues when they shake their heads\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon was not glad to see him. He did not want the condemnation. At
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 first this glue-begotten ride had been an enjoyable thrill.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 newness of a newborn was at that time gleaming out of his orbs.  He was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like a child in wonder of himself flossing his \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 toes in the grass,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 having his hair massaged by the winds, and chasing god in the clouds.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Now the mosquito was here spoiling the solitary party of one which was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 steadily waning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       The mosquito greeted him in English. "Hello, little man." He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought it w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as Kumpee at first but, to his knowledge, Kumpee didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know any language apart from the strident sounds of Thai and was more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in favor of using the word "monkey" in place of "little man."  Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 looked down at a gigantic insect that was nonetheless small\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 er than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself.  He responded in the same international tongue with a hello.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Where did you learn your English?" asked Jatupon; but no sooner had he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 done this than he realized how foolish the question was since the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mosquito was an extension of himself.  F\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or some reason he was both
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cognizant of the fact that the creature didn't exist and yet believing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in him.  It was undeniable that if Buddha was right in claiming that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the self was a delusion there was a chance that instead of the mosquito
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being less real i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t might be more real than himself.  It was true that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the mosquito wasn't afraid of a man but a man was afraid of a mosquito.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Wasn't that, he asked himself, proof that the one who wasn't afraid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was more real?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Where did you learn your English? "asked \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the mosquito.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Music, TV shows, story books from the library, Newsweek in my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more ambitious times, cartoons mostly."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, then, me too" the mosquito said. It paused and then pulled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out a cigarette from its gums and lit it without a match by str\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 iking it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against the metallic hair on one of its legs. "Another day without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 going to work?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Another day."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Taking it a bit easy?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Taking it a bit easy.  Yes," answered Jatupon.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I would like to know why you have a black eye and a swol\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 len face."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You know everything and yet I'm supposed to believe that it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hasn't it occurred to you that I'm not wanting to think about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this-about this situation I'm in."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I understand that but am nonetheless curious what you have to say
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on the sub\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ject."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Very little, if you don't mind."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "All right.  Are you snorting glue because of what has happened to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why ask so many questions?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Because I am cruel."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, you are, you know."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You don't like me at all?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "O\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 h," Jatupon sighed, "I do like you in ways."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What a charming endorsement! I elicit the same response
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 everywhere I go.  Oh well...truth doesn't have to be a comfortable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 realm.  It rarely is."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes," said Jatupon pensively, "I imagine it rarely is\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "The pain is so overwhelming you can't work?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "The boredom is so overwhelming I can't work.  It is a rot-a rot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 under my hairnet.  I can't do it-reflexes every day and not with-"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The mosquito waited to hear the word "him."  "Go ahead and s\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ay
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it" was in the mosquito's thoughts but it was Jatupon who articulated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this oblique command, "Go ahead and say it!" to twist the direction of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the conversation .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't understand," said the mosquito.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Aren't you wanting to give me your lectur\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e that I have to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 survive?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I wasn't going to say anything but you are meant for more than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this dizzying work and the instinct to survive is thrust on all living
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 things in all actions. You can't but help obey it to some degree."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I can't do it an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y longer."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You might have a nervous breakdown if you were to continue.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem was your link. It's gone now."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'd rather die than go back to it now.  Die in the streets if I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have to."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I think you are zipping up your pants again and finding \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them too
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tight.  You are shedding your boyhood."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you really think so?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes," said the mosquito pensively.  "Unfortunately, it was your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 best trait."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The mosquito dissipated with the smoke of Jatupon's cigarette that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he rested and twirle\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d in his fingertips.  Smoking was his new habit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that he pursued in the hope of having a more insouciant image, which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with practice, he could learn to believe in. Boys of himself at earlier
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ages came and pressed their noses near him as he had done long ago \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the glass outside the Dunkin Doughnuts Restaurant in Ayuttayha.   Long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lost versions of himself at various ages passed up against him and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 passed him by.  They too dispersed with the gaseous midst of black
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 carbon smog released by the traffic.  His head w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as spinning around
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 skyscrapers and billboards.  They, he, a single homeless woman who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rented out babies to increase the chances of getting more substantial
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alms, two dogs copulating, and all, were dwarfed in advertisements for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shark fins for the man with r\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 efined taste, Electric piecemeal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 billboards for Singh Beer and cellular telephone companies with new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 images rotating with the pieces, plain billboards of pimpleless white
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 skinned Thai models selling or hustling some facial cream, flashing and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mutating sign\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s advertising various self-improvements seminars at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 different universities and at the Convention Center,  neon animations
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of Barcelona's Bangkok tour for the Invitation Cup Football Match, and 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 advertisements for every international and domestic product im\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aginable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thrust into the hands of consumers in the form of flyers.  Indeed, it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was obscene enough to make a man become a monk: orgasmic organisms,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sensation of void.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                             Chapter 13
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The glue-induced waves \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of befuddlement came to him curled like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 talons and this twisted and grotesque inundation beat his shore pulling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and pushing bits of himself fervently in all directions.  It was as his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 father had told him often:  he did not know if he was coming or going.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 H\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e was both becoming more conscious of himself and his environment and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 yet more despondent with strange thoughts fulminating out of his living
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 carcass, controlling him. He was moving toward reality and yet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 diverging from it.  He believed that he was downtow\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n with Noppawan and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that they were wasting some time before the meeting with this former
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 avuncular image.  They were walking through a mall and he was thinking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 how long ago in boyhood he and his brothers had entertained the thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of this man really being\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  family to ease the pain of routine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 constricting them in noodles.  In the hallucination they left the mall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and went into an adjacent 80-story building and then took a high-speed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 elevator to the top of that skyscraper.  There the couple sat in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 opulence \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the Baiyoke Sky Lounge revolving around glass windows and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ordering their cappuccino.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Then he wasn't there.  He was in his room, his cell, staring out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the window. He was watching a tiger watching the descending sun.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was startled.  He hadn't k\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nown that animals would look out at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beauty of a descending sun.  The tiger noticed him and got up; but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 discerning this human's own benign posture directed toward the same
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sunset, the tiger returned to where it was at and once again revered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the sun.  Th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 en he was walking the streets and feeling such a crazy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 loneliness.  He began to mutter nonsense and he felt himself numb and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slipping on his own frozen thoughts. It was very strange for he wasn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moving and yet the streets moved him--strange as the fetid o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ne, Kumpee,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 having been the angel who had come at the right second delivering him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from his worst impulses to kill Kazem.  If anything had given him food
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for thought that week of idleness and recuperation in his cell, it had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been the irony of the fetid one \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as his guardian angel.  If the fetid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one had not stepped in nothing would have intervened and he would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 murdered his brother or been murdered by him.  If Suthep had come at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that instant, instead of Kumpee, he would have believed in Buddha or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 God.  As i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t was, he believed in Glue and its power to imitate the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 strange magic of the world that was all around him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      His hallucination took him through the drenching storms of heavy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rains and again to the heavily billboarded world of downtown opulence:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 iridesc\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ent Isuzu Ascender, its back wheels aired above a city, front
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wheels ascending toward the fiery black nothingness of space,\~ascend,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it says, ascend, as if it, a thing, were the portal to creation, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 why, the reason of it all, ascend; Compaq Computers, do\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n't be left
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 behind, don't, easy just a don't; large, sprawling cursory sentences of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lumination on these black moliminous rectangles towering above all the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tiny traffic, tiny cars and tinier lives, advertising self-help and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 get-rich seminars; a more convent\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ional but gigantic billboard placed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 near a skyscraper lit like stage lights on an actress, a gigantic face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of a beautiful Chinese Thai with clean and white Chinese skin that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stayed pimpleless with Johnson and Johnson's Clean and Clear. There
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were electric \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rotating piecemeal signs advertising cellular phones and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 internet providers (instantaneous messages not for his patronage).
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Advertisements were on the sides of busses and bus stops of happy soap
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 families and big-breasted bra wearers both of which made the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 saliva
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 increase in his mouth the way an orange would. Shop signs crouched low
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with sidewalk beggars, international fast food restaurants and flyers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thrust into hands: and it all spoke of the city the same as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 skyscrapers that alone were the epitome of o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pulence and disparity.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "What do you want from life?" said the whore at her door.  "Enroll at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Siam University and find new opportunities.  Don't let bad grades stop
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you," she continued.  "Come in, and I'll give you a massage that will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 make your body feel in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  ways you've never imagined," said the shark
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 restaurant worker who made a commission luring those of supercilious
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tastes to a cuisine laced in marginal traces of mercury. "Shark Fins
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this way," said the tuc tuc driver eager to compound a taxi fee with an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gency's commission for bringing a foreigner to a beloved half-hour
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lady of the night. "Want a girl?" asked the white robed female Buddhist
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nuns who had shaved heads and collection canisters in their hands as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they stood on the steps leading to the platform \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the sky train like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Hara Krishnas.  Jatupon heard the door open.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Oh, God," he heard Kazem's voice. Surprisingly, it wasn't angry.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He heard footsteps of restless movement.  "Oh, God," he heard again.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Then he heard the footsteps move toward him.  The\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  movements were slow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and careful.  He opened his eyes and saw his brother. Kazem was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scratching his head in confusion.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm sorry buddy.  I'm so sorry. I know I'm late saying that, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fuck, you were ready to throw a television into my head. I don't k\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 now
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 how all that happened, but what a mess.  Why did you have to get
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 yourself all doped like that at this time-especially this time; and oh,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fuck, did you get into my whiskey?  You did, you little thief!  Right?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Right?  Was that a nod?  Was that a nod? Do \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you like that?  I'll pull
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your ears off the way father nearly did.  Man, we've got an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 appointment!  Did you take anything besides sniffing this stuff? I mean
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 besides drinking my liquor and sniffing glue was there a third thing?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Think:  I've got to know how\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  serious!" This had been one of Jatupon's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 only times of being in the cell and flying within his own head. Nearly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 all the other times he had gone out to the streets to gain his high and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stayed there until he was able to return home halfway sober and feign a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sickness successfully. He regretted being witnessed and scrutinized by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem. The environment was bouncing to the cadence of Kazem's voice and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stung Jatupon's hands through the conduit of the rubbery stickiness of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desiccated glue that still hung in patche\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s from some of his fingertips.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He was pulled into the shower with underpants still on.  The hair of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his head was locked in Kazem's fingers. He could smell the sweetness of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his brother's sweat.  He could smell his body odor like any dog getting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 its molecula\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r high.  Jatupon thought it was very romantic.  He smiled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 widely at Kazem whose fingers clenched him by the throat pinning him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against the back wall of the shower as the cold waters ran over him and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 through his underpants. Jatupon fought like a suffocating\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  fish and when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he was free from the loosened grasp he gasped and then kissed and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 licked the body that he was denuding--the same body that had brought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him near death but the same one who had saved him from drowning long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ago when he was a boy.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Then af\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ter a good long vomit and a brief nap he exited with his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brother into the light rain and they were off to see the wizard.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 went by taxi with the idea of picking up Suthep along the way. Kazem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 waited in the taxi while Jatupon knocked on Suthep's door. \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 knocked, stood, and waited repeatedly for five or ten minutes without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 success.  Then he began to return to the taxi looking down and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scrapping his feet against dirt and rocks like a child preferring to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 left alone in his imagination.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      But wh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 en he returned the taxi had turned into a limousine like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pumpkin into a carriage. He wondered if he was hallucinating once
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 again.  Then standing there like a diffident and disconcerted child in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 total confusion, he noticed the window descending for him an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d out poked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the head of the fetid one but his hair was cut, greased back, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nicely groomed, his face was shaven, and the cologne or aftershave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lotion that he was wearing had molecules that poignantly bit into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon's psyche favorably.  Here was a dark \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but handsome man.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 never knew him, before, to be such.  "Get in you little Monkey--up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 front with the driver." When Jatupon was seated comfortably in softness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and space he glanced back at his three brothers who reclined in an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 opulent shadow.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Cheers\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 , Jatuporn," said Kumpee.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Kazem clanged his glass against the glasses held by Kumpee and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Suthep. "Cheers to every boy, girl, hollering hound, and wide spread
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whore on the planet," said Kazem.  Suthep and Kumpee laughed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, I'll have to say my \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cheers to them too," said Kumpee.  All
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 three brothers were drinking wine in the back seat.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Should we give him something?" asked Suthep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Are you kidding," said Kazem.  "That boy goes places we can only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dream about.  No more fuel for that tank.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He's been there, done that.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He's gone on one round trip today. That's enough."  He drank more of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his wine.  "Sometimes I have to sleep with one eye open to make sure he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doesn't drift further into mischief."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Did you like how we fucked up your mind?" K\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 umpee asked Kazem.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "It was Suthep's idea of parking on the corner. When you didn't leave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the taxi we still waited a little until you fell into a smoking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 addiction.  Suthep said, 'Just wait, he'll go into the 7-11' and that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is exactly what happened.  While \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you were in there buying your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cigarettes we paid off the taxi driver and sent him away.  Then we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 parked in his place."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "Well, if that trick was for me, it didn't do anything.  I wasn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 even surprised let alone shocked.  I definitely didn't think I was \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of my mind."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, Jatuporn sure thought he was seeing things," said Suthep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "He looked like the Emerald Buddha was talking to him," said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kumpee.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The brothers laughed.  Suthep farted.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Bangkok bus exhaust.  Plug your nose," comment\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed Kumpee. Their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 laughter intensified. Even Jatupon was laughing with them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I want to know why Jatuporn is wearing sunglasses," said Suthep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anxious to diffuse their thinking of his odor. Horrific odors were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 usually attributed to Kumpee and he cared t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o keep it that way.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You know already," said Kazem. "Leave it alone.  Why are you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wearing that gold chain around your neck?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "A girl gave it to me" said Suthep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What girl?  Some girl behind a cash register.  Did you pull out a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gun and make \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her believe her brains would be splattered?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "That wouldn't have been me.  I am a woman lover.  I don't make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 war," said Suthep.  "Show me your eyes, Jatuporn."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Leave him alone," said Kazem.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Kumpee grabbed Jatupon's head, yanked off the glas\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ses, and twisted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the face so that Suthep could see it.  "A regular raccoon, that one is.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  "No, even a raccoon is lighter than that.  Maybe it's like watching a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 raccoon after he and a bear have been going at it:  the bear with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 television in his paws and t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he raccoon cowering near his puddle of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 blood.  Thai boxing doesn't get as exciting as what I saw.  I just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 regret not having been there for the whole show."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Stop it!" ordered Kazem.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Does he always give orders like that?" asked Kumpee to Suthep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Then to Kazem he said, "Hey, remember that I am the oldest one here.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Could you say that in a more pleasant tone?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I would like for you to stop picking on him.  Look at him up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there." Jatupon's eyes were withdrawn and his head was slightly tilted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he dashboard.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Here are your glasses," said Kumpee as he stood and bent forward
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with effort to give them back. His hand disheveled Jatupon's unkempt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hair even further. "You need to comb that mop."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Arrows of the past, mostly from his father and Ku\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mpee, shot out of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the neurological circuitry of his brain paralyzing him in a numb
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 withdrawal of survival.   It was no different than at earlier stages of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his life when he wondered why things didn't move forward but at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 same time was fearful that they w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ould.  He was back in the horror known
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as family withdrawing himself from it, living in his protective bubble
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of withdrawal.  "You are afraid of your own shadow." "Are you preparing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for a flood?  Those pants look stupid on you."  "What are you doing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sittin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g over there?  Get out of that seat?"   "I'll mop up the floor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with you one of these days." "Why aren't you working?  You are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 absolutely good for nothing." "What do you do in that back room, you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pimple faced monkey?  Get out of that cage of yours and put d\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 own those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 books.  No use you thinking you are any better than the rest of us."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Get out of my seat you ugly little fart." He heard it even though none
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of these disparaging ideas were articulated in the limousine.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatuporn, Jatuporn, he thought.  They \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 knew and they mocked him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with his ignominy.  If he had been a girl and someone had sexually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 abused him he could speak of it and have a good purifying cry cleansing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself of his stress but his situation was different.  It was one he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had invited upon himse\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lf.  He'd sleep with the others as well if it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would make them kinder to him-so vehement was his need for their love.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  How horrible it was to meet this rich avuncular stranger, he thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to himself.  It would be horrible enough meeting a bag lady with a fa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ce
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that looked like a raccoon and an aching in his raw bottom.  He put on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his sunglasses.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      In an odd way for him it was like traveling on a poor man's cattle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 train back to the town from whence an exodus from the rice fields had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 occurred.  No poor man \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would want to return to his farm and admit that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he couldn't obtain employment in Bangkok and no one with any real
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 self-esteem wanted to link again to a wealthy man who, for good reason,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had been reluctant to have any association with his ex-nephews-in-law.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His father had tried countless times to get money from the senator.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His mother had been subtler and more industrious.  She got a campaign
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 drive active in her neighborhood to do her little part in trying to get
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him reelected.  The senator never forgot such\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  hard working activists
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and always remembered her birthday with a gift.  She was content with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that but for her husband it intensified his yearning for better things.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  And so it was with his brothers: they thought about how their dreams
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could be effectuated\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  with a bit of the senator's savings. Jatupon did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not adhere to this disingenuous wish for a family reunion and so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 trapped in a moving box with brothers who had one converging theme that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was not his own, he felt like an unemployed laborer returning back on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the poor man's train even though he was riding in a limousine.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The recurring idea that the aunt and the uncle had not gone to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 funeral made him even increasingly repellent toward this meeting with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the senator.  He halfway wanted to jump out of the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  door and let a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 physics lesson ensue.  Would he just drop or would he be thrust out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like a projectile. Would his blood ooze out or would it disgorge like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the insides of a tossed pumpkin?  He looked out of the window at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 quick passing of buildings and th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 en up to the billowing clouds.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were gas with distinct and individual form.  They were energy that was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 distended and fomenting.  How mysterious it all was. When one was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cremated he would be such gas. Man was ephemeral noise but nature was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 reticent and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  swelling.  Distending and distending, it extended him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beyond his petty thinking.  How good it all was!
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Well, he thought, there was no resisting the inevitable.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would be entering the senator's house mortified from his sunglasses and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 black eyes but\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the issue was petty enough that there would not be any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 serious consideration about avoiding this eventuality through jumping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out of a moving car. Kazem had attempted to put a story into his head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that might save them from being scrutinized about this subje\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ct.  It had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seemed plausible enough: an injury from the recent Songkran festival in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Banglampool gained from a water fight where some water in the plastic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 guns had been adulterated with some caustic chemicals.  However, he did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not like casting shadowy illus\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ions into the senator's mighty halls.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 No, he shouldn't be with this chain gang of prisoners going to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 warden's home, dragging the noodles that bound them, asking for him to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 remove them.  This avuncular stranger hadn't come for their parents'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 funeral.  H\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e hadn't wished them condolences.  It would have been such a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 little thing to do; and since it wasn't done it was monumentally wrong.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Reticent and deep in himself so that his brothers' pejorative
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 comments did not hurt him tremendously when they pierced\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 , he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 implemented the same defense mechanism that had saved him from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 psychosis in such a family all of these years. This withdrawal made the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rational self into a deadened membrane and shield.  This shield
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 deflected their arrows. How profoundly intricate the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  psyche's defenses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were.  What wouldn't the brain do to spare itself wounds!  The mind,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 perhaps, did the same with love.  Within life's physical titillations
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in this sordid realm through the smell and feel of breath rhythmically
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sliding onto his nose from \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the spewing mouth of his mate --a warm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 soothing wind crossing the hill of his nose; the tactile wearing of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 another's skin by touch more luxurious than any silk; merciful orgasmic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clemency from logic; the moving of a chest; the heart beat; and yes,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the feel\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing of being in love addictive and sensitive toward another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 human presence, one's ideas of life were whitewashed and exhilarated.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For him, sex in the shower had annulled his hatred of Kazem.  It had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 made the world into less of a hostile place. It had provi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ded the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 specious idea that he was not alone. He looked out of the car window.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The palm trees seemed like rock solid Cyclopes eating away the remnants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the sun.  He noticed that the car was stopping. The gates opened to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an acreage far from balloon peddler\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s, sandwich salesmen with a box
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 strapped onto their chests, holy jasmine makers, goldfish in the bag
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mountebanks, car window newspaper accosters, and the sidewalk noodle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 workers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Will he be alone?" asked Suthep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "His staff will be there," said K\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 umpee.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I mean women.  An Old guy with lots of money must have new ones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around each week.  I mean they wouldn't like him but they would feel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 important and ornamental to be there at his home."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I wouldn't know one way or the other."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "What did\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  you do when you were together with him?" asked Suthep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I wasn't really.  It was through a speaker.  I finally got him to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 talk through the speaker after pleading with all his servants that way.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  I made him feel guilty.  I told him he should have gone\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 funeral.  I told him he needed to help his relatives or I'd see if a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 newspaper reporter would talk to me."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You said that!" yelled Kazem angrily.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Oh, he agreed with me that he was wrong.  He said that he wanted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to see us.  He told me tha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t.  Then we got visits from his men and this."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      When they arrived into what was to them an opulent mansion (a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 couple of the dozen rooms that were only marginally spacious by western
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 standards) they saw him in the living room in front of a big screen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 here, what to the gods, were tenuous carbon copies of men falling from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the windows of a skyscraper with their myriad papers.  America
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (specifically New York City) was under siege.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The boys gestured the "wei" to him.  He saw prayerful hands in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 front of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  faces and, except in the youngest who was hidden behind his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sunglasses, their beggarly downtrodden expressions depicted their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 unworthiness to meet him. That was their ploy. He gestured the "wei" in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 return. He was begrudging of their entrance in his life a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nd resented
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 having to comply with the wishes of the eldest that the meeting take
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 place.  However, his plan was to neutralize the possibility of negative
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 publicity.  He just wanted to allow these meetings to take place from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time to time.  If the "thugs" tho\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ught that he would be giving them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anything more than an occasional meal it was their own delusion and in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the meantime he would be keeping any problems from occurring like the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 unlikely eventuality of an newspaper article scathing him for lack of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 interest in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the welfare of his relatives and making an assumption that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he wouldn't be interested in the welfare of others.  Something like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that, unlikely as it was, could nonetheless happen if he didn't pacify
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 those who had the power to possibly create such problems.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   "Come in and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sit down over here," he said.  The tone of voice of this avuncular
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stranger was grave and his face hardly glanced at them as their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 barefooted feet ascended into his domain. The television tugged in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their diffident movements to plush, white, \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 upholstered chairs and these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chairs kept saying to Jatupon that he and his brothers had no right to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sit there. Still and seated, they became like spectators at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Coliseum.  It was a CNN glimpse into the future: skyscrapers ablaze
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from passenger jets deli\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 berately being slammed into them.  They were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being made aware of horrific ways of dying and since it was so horrific
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 there was no self-centeredness and movement by which to callously
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 disregard it.  They were empathic and there was no escape.  Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wante\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d to shake the gods from their slumber, to knock the emerald
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Buddha from its pedestal, and to hijack fate and turn it around at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gunpoint from the cockpit.  He wanted all life to cease and start again
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in parity and respect.  He wanted deliverance for Siriaj\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Hospital
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 freaks, the aborted, the stillborn, deformed, diseased, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 downtrodden, those who die from malnutrition, old men who always think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that their lives have been for nothing, the elephants that lose their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 molars and so search for a soft shaded ar\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ea of grass to lie down in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 comfortable death, weaker animals not yet dead fallen as prey, soldiers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who must lose their lives in war, and child soldiers whose short lives
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were as instruments of hate.  To him it was no wonder that they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (humans) were bad.  Th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ey were all conceived by greedy sexual devouring,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 these selfish absorptions and attempts at fitting into silk skinned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 robes and hallucinogenic shadows.  The World Trade Center disaster was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 proof not only that people were bad but that there was no god overs\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 above looking at this clashing of wills.  There was just malicious and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inane preying on others and this time it might well be that these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hijackers had not even been incensed at opulence and starvation which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stood back to back like America and Afghanist\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an or a domineering state
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like America to a stateless one like Palestine.  If this had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 planned by the rich ex-Saudi, Bin Laden, it was just hate (senseless,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 irrational hate that existed for no particular reason at all), the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desire for power, the idea \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of heroism and a sure ticket to heaven, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the dramatic thrill of destruction that would go down as historical.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      It was strange that people should perish so terribly and that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 those perpetrating this action could rationalize America as a monster
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 worthy\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  of monstrous actions that would humble this one nation under
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 God, indivisible with liberty and justice for all.  Foremost it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 strange to him that such suffering could be ignored, if not partially
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forgotten so quickly when Vanont, the servant, came in f\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or the third
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time telling them that the dinner was getting cold and he wasn't going
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to warm it up for the second time.  No longer mesmerized, they came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 back to themselves. At the dining room table they began their banal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chatter. They asked about the number\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  of his servants, how long he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lived here, his typical working day, and what he did when he returned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 home.  They wanted to ask about their aunt but they had determined as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they rode over here that the subject might alienate their host. Except
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for Jatupon\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  whose lips slightly frowned, the brothers gained pleasure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pointing out various items in the room, asking questions about them,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and feeling pleased to be in such opulence.  The senator asked about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kazem and Suthep's restaurant businesses.  When Suthep made\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 obvious attack to evoke sympathy for their nominal existence the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senator said, "You are young.  It is a first business." Then to avert
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hearing anything more on that matter, he switched to Kumpee who had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 extorted this family reunion.  He asked what \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he did for a living.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kumpee's circumlocutory answer was no different than any hustler's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 grandiloquence about selling one thing or another real or imagined.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His quick words were inarticulate and glib. }{\cf6 \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  }{\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nobody understood what he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 said for the words were mount\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ainous heaps of illusion.  The senator did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 find out that Kumpee had fathered a child.  He had a baby girl.  Kumpee
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 took out the photograph from his wallet and then he passed it around.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The senator affected a smile when he saw the picture but he conjectured
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that "this boy" was living from this arrangement with the girlfriend
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and the baby he had fathered.  Jatupon, surprised like his other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 siblings, found pleasure in the thought that he was now an uncle.  For
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a moment he felt love for this unseen entity and a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  desire to ensure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that her life turned out better than his but then he realized that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would never see her, and being the child of a rich Chinese Thai, she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would have a better life than he had.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The senator asked Jatupon why he was wearing sunglasses.\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   He gave
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the rehearsed answer and then had to remove the sunglasses at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senator's insistence.  "The Songkran festival ended over a month ago,"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 said the avuncular stranger.  "Why do you still have black eyes now?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, but my face was really hurt \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 badly" Jatupon responded.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senator looked at him sternly.  He didn't want to waste his night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hearing their lies, and if they were all like Suthep, he didn't want to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hear the truths either.  Kazem opened his mouth.  He was prepared to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 say that Jatupon h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ad gotten himself into a fight but when he saw the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stern expression of the unbelieving host his words retreated.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon saw himself and his brothers shaded in the dismal gray of those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who could not be trusted.  A man's mind was a tenuous object swayed in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the winds of discourse so when it sensed a disingenuous response in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 surreal uncertainty of understanding a matter fully it cringed.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 felt like he was casting shadows onto the senator's grand walls like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 children using their hands to project shadows o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f rabbits and dogs.  But
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 then his conscience waned. He again remembered that the aunt and uncle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hadn't attended the funeral of his parents.  He remembered his aunt's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 magnanimous crusades to become so important in his life, seeing him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 educated by paying his\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  tuition and sending him to private tutorials,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the Bible school, the varnishing of Christ's picture on wood, the taste
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of punch at the Bible School, and how outside the building there was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 soccer ball tied to a string and a pole and how the children tried\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 compete to get the ball wound up on their side of the poll.  She would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sometimes come to pick him up and take him to an ice cream parlor.  She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 didn't have any children of her own.  He frowned at the senator's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scolding facial expressions.  He met angere\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d glances with those of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 own. The family chatted on.  The senator seemed friendlier and Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 even began to look up from his plate.  The distrust had diffused to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 point where it ceased to matter.  They chatted and their chatter was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 irrelevant.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  "Why did this happen?" blurted out Jatupon from nowhere.  "If it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is Islamic terrorists how could they hate that badly?  Is it envy of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wealthier and more powerful country, or the hatred toward Israeli aid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from the United States?  I don't understand it.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We talk and talk and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 yet people are falling out of windows of 100 story buildings.  How can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 we eat and carry on with things?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Kumpee and Suthep scoffed at him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It is barbaric, barbaric no matter what line of reasoning they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 use to justify their a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ctions.  Do you know anything about the Islamic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 world and why it dislikes the west, Jatupon?"  The choice of his words
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were influenced by his Moslem background."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't really," he said. " If Bin Laden is so rich it isn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inequality that he hates. T\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 yrants like building up empires but he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doesn't seem to want one-- just wants to destroy the west.  I don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 understand it at all.  I know that there are 7000 American soldiers in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the holy land of Saudi Arabia to protect that area from Iraq's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aggression and-\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 " He swallowed hard.  He knew that his brothers would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hate him.  "I know that America continues to supply Israel with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 millions of dollars in aid and billions of dollars in weapon sales even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 though Israel still occupies what was once Palestine."  He knew th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 needed to summarize these issues with some scanty understanding to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 impress the senator.  "America imposes sanctions against Iraq out of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fear of its military buildup but these sanctions cause thousands of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 people to die from malnutrition.  America fina\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ncially backed Iraq
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against Iran in that war and the Taliban against the Soviet Union and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 now those regimes were the wrong choices. The enemy of my enemy is my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 friend was the wrong philosophy.  Those were bad foreign affairs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 blunders.  They continually int\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 erfere with the policies of Moslem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 countries so that the oil that drives their economy doesn't cease. It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is economic considerations that cause them to back the governments of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Algeria and Egypt that they can influence even though those governments
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 are not d\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 emocracies. They've made Iraq and Iran as strong as America."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The senator knew that this was a good understanding for a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 14-year-old boy.  "How do you know these things, Jatupon?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "He reads a lot of comic books," said Suthep.  They laughed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I go to the library when I can," he said modestly.  "Sometimes I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 go there just to read comic books and once in a while I read Newsweek."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you know English?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, I do," he said proudly.  The senator found himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 interested in the boy the way\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  his ex-wife had been. Her reasons,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 however, had been maternal ones and her disinterest had been from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 same source.  A voice of an alter ego that was fettered in a private
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chamber in the cellar of her mind shrieked stridently that this was no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 child of h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 er own and it had been for this reason that she had dropped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him from her life suddenly.  His interest was of a man who sees
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continuum of what he is or a rejuvenation of what he was.  Both
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 reactions were selfish ones but this was the planet Earth where most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 good actions were dictated by egocentric realms.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Vanont yelled that one of the buildings was imploding and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senator got up from the table. "Continue eating," he said as he exited
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the room. Jatupon looked out of the window.  Thai thunder crackled\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 skies like an empty bag of potato chips.  Lightning streaked across the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thai skies naked and ominous. There he was seated with his brothers in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that home they had always wanted to enter for so many years.  And yet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instead of being the happy family memb\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ers visiting the relatives, they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were nothing but a group of extortionists who had manipulated their way
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 through locked gates. This fraternity of boyhood had evolved on higher
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tiers of wants into a Tower of Babel, a tower of thugs.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Low levels of hate \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 still exuded from him toward Kazem who had done
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this to his face.  He was sedentary in his own guilt for his attempt to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 murder Kazem, which later led to the best sexual experience he had ever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had. Hate and the frenzy of love were rotting the best aspects o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that was so neatly named a soul.  Hate and love had been horrible
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fulminations of neediness that ignited a person into another being,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 possessed will, and thrust reality into chaos.  Sure this release of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sexual tension, in the acme of ecstasy, led to \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nirvana like any well
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thrust missile but each intimacy was like a cow that jumped over the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moon.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He heard his brothers talk but did not listen to anything.  Talk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was a kinetic sport. The mouth was a spout. In it emotions were like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boiling water steami\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng out the teapot. For him, the introvert who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 communed with the original wisdom deep in the stagnant pool of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being, there was only the window and a landscape of waxy greenery in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the rain.  He was mesmerized in the mellifluous monotony of rain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slapping \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 against the window.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Men falling from the windows of the World Trade Center in New
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 York: the world was an evil place and he wanted to sink under the veil
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of Childhood for it was benign.  Guileless, ingenuous, innocuous,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 worriless childhood was where th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e imagined was tangible and personal.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Planes deliberately crashed into skyscrapers incinerating buildings and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 people: this was solid proof that it was a godless universe, but then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he had always assumed that it was such.  Still to take a deep breath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was ama\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 zing.  To be thinking was amazing. To see from the window such a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beautiful verdant acreage and rain pouring onto it making it greener
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 yet was like fecund life commencing after the destruction of a forest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fire. His parents died but in so doing here he was i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n the senator's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dining room: wasn't this an amazing chain of events even if their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 arrival had been obtained badly?  The senator called them to come in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with their plates and drinks.  For Jatupon it felt like they were a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 family huddled together in front of t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he television--images of tragedy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shared together in common.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      A half hour later the senator found himself irritated by the one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 likable thug looking the part.  "Can you see anything with those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sunglasses on?" he asked bitterly.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Not much" said Jatup\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I've seen what you look like.  Take them off."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Take them off you little idiot" said Kumpee.  Jatupon obeyed but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 glanced at Kumpee with a strong glare of hate.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     "Did you really get that from Songkran?" asked the senator.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon sensed th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at the senator's tone was jocular.  He could tell that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the avuncular stranger, like them all, just needed a respite from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 grave images they were witnessing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "He's always getting into fights" lied Kumpee stealing the words
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that still wouldn't come f\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rom Kazem's mouth.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Is that so?" asked the senator but it was to no one specific.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "All the time" confirmed Suthep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Is that true?" the senator asked Jatupon.  "Who with?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I can't imagine who.  I guess myself," said Jatupon while he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sta\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 red into the senator's eyes with a bold earnestness.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The senator laughed  "I'll interpret that as a need for privacy,"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he said.  He backed away from the truth.  He sensed it already and it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was really none of his business.  In a strange way he was even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beginning to like their presence.  It was the closest thing he had to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 family, and so he told himself that maybe he should enjoy it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Jatupon looked out across the senator's spacious living room and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 then returned to the center where they were.  He noti\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ced a bowl on an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 end table.  The bowl contained wrapped caramel within it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Help yourself," said the senator as he passed the bowl first to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kumpee who was seated nearest to him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      They chewed.  The senator continued translating pertinent bits
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were anchored on the news program.  "America under attack" was the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 logo at the bottom of the screen.  The brothers had no label for this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 snack but they knew that it was catered to the higher status of palate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and because of this they ate it gluttonously.  T\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he taste and the gummy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 texture were foreign to them.  Jatupon thought of his own insatiable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 need for sweets any time he saw his aunt.  If she continued to buy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 candy necklaces for him to slobber on she continued to care and it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for that reason that he cr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aved for sweets so voraciously.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "The wrappers are labeled with the names of American states on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes, I like caramel. I always have since Chusanee and I were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 married.  She liked them so much. Anyhow that's over now.  By the way,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I'm not sur\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e if you know this, Jatupon, but after your mother and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 father separated briefly, your mother went away to the states. You were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 born in America." Jatupon sat there in numb surprise with a caramel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 square smashed into the back of his mouth.  He didn't chew or\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  swallow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as the senator elaborated on a trip that their aunt had arranged for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their mother to give her some time to think.  "I'm mentioning it to you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 now because you are American and you should know that fact if ever you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have an opportunity to travel. It i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s easier with an American passport."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Then his face focused on the images.  A second tower imploded.  How
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 many thousands were dead and dying was anyone's guess. It was a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 horrible thing and yet he felt that they all, rightly or wrongly, were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 linked together\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  in the belief that gluttony and poverty were the main
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instigators.  He wondered if his brothers thought that justice was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being rendered.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Later, when Jatupon was returning from the bathroom, Vanont
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stopped him and asked him to go into the study.  Ten \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 minutes later the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senator came in and sat down at his desk.  He handed Jatupon a can of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Coca Cola.  The senator had a second one that he also opened and drank.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Why do you think that your brothers have been so persistent about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seeing me?" asked the se\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nator.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't know for sure. That's the truth. I don't think there is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anything too planned in it. They're selfish.  I know that.  It was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wrong how Kumpee arranged the meeting.  Even Kazem thinks that; but it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 isn't so calculating for a bunch of boys \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with no real family--not even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with each other--to want to know their uncle.  I know that you aren't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 married now and it isn't as if you are an uncle like blood or have to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have anything to do with us. Anyhow I think more than anything they
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 just wanted to mee\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t someone respectable when their lives aren't of any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 consequence.  At least that is how I feel about it.  Maybe they think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that they can get something out of it but I don't think they've really
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 isolated what they want.  Maybe it isn't much more than just w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anting to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 feel a bit linked to you.  I guess I want that in ways, but in ways I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 don't.  I mean you've been really nice but I don't understand why you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 didn't go to my parents' funeral.  There was nobody really but us.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nobody came at all really."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Maybe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  I should help you," said the senator." The words ran out of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his mouth like a loose dog.  He was surprised to see them running away.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jatupon could see that he regretted the words.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I need out. I don't mean to come here with you.  I want, on my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 own, to\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  break from them. I can't go back there again."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Which one beat up on you like that?"  Jatupon didn't say anything
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but looked down at his legs.  The senator asked, "Does it happen very
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 often?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, I'm not a kid."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You're 14, aren't you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Well, that isn't manhood yet.  It is an awkward age."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I won't return.  I hate him for doing that to me.  He just left
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me in the puddle of my blood.  I hated him so badly I wanted to kill
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him afterwards."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Which one?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "All \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of them hate me.  Suthep and Kumpee resented what Aunt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Chusanee tried to do for me but I don't hate them."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "She always said that you were clever."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I wish I could go away and be somebody different than what I am,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and yet I wish that I could be im\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 portant to them and that the four of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 us could be a close family. You too, if you want."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Jatupon, families aren't forever.  Boys grow up and they gain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their own lives.  They have children.  Those children grow up.  I don't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 know what you might or might\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  not have done to get into a fight with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them or one of them but it didn't deserve a fist in your face.  You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 look awful.  Give me a week.  I want you to contact me in a week. I've
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 got some work I need to do and Vanont will show you and your brothers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out.  H\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e'll point you in the direction of the bus stop.  It isn't all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that late.  All the busses should still be running.  Tell your brothers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that we'll try to get together again in a couple months or so."
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      From the window of the classroom, Noppawan saw the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  wind kick about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the branches of the trees in an anomaly not characteristic of Bangkok
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 weather.  She hated feeling hostage to proctor the eye movements of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 these students, to walk every several minutes through the aisles of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desks, and to scrutinize want\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on little individuals prepossessed of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 schemes for cheating that could improve their chances of getting good
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 grades and hasten the end of the tests.  Their main wishes were for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 resurrection of their still cadavers to the kinetic movement of going
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 heir friends to the next Hollywood movie, the next shrill of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 laughter, gossip, and karaoke booths in the corridors of malls. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 liked the wind's attitude of just knocking around the day, kicking off
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the old leaves, and dancing about.  She wondered why she\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  admired
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 kinetic movement in nature and not in the uniformed idiocy of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 students before her.  It was, she answered to herself, because each of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 these uniformed specimens probably did the same exact actions of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fathers and mothers before them.  Certa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inly year after year new groups
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of freshmen were identical to each other. They engaged in senseless
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 programmed activities like ants: the mating frivolity before working
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and hoarding.  As rich as they were (these future owners of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 parents' factories) t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hey were walking down the same hill toward their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 deaths no different than the worker ants.  None of them contributed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the permanency of thought and understanding.  They just followed and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 followed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Nature experimented, she caused uniqueness in form i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 attitude, she continentally drifted lands for the hell of it, she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 erupted volcanoes and earthquakes in the damnedest of places and let
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her creatures adapt or perish.  Nature was an alchemist and a lover of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the extraordinary.  Noppawan wanted to open \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a window.  After all, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 students were cold in the air conditioning and she wanted to feel the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 breeze, but some fool or another who supervised proctors would complain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that something in the room wasn't orthodox.  She didn't want to get a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 letter in her mail\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 box complaining that she hadn't sealed up the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 envelopes of the tests with enough tape or another odd irrelevant idea
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 because she hadn't been as orthodox as she should have been.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      It was the administration that consisted of desperate fools during
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 times \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that were irregular.  She had been forced to teach an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anthropology class this semester.  How that was related to zoology she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 couldn't say unless the administration was privy to the philosophy of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mice and men. All she knew was that the anthropology teacher \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ran away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and they were in desperate need of someone to fill the gap as well as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 perform her regular duties.  A numb throbbing of life's dreariness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 overtook her as she walked around these handsome faces and thought to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 herself how she really wanted to open th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e window.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Her husband had not throbbed his body in her inordinately so she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 did not understand why she was jealous of his activities, and yet she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was. It was this beyond all other things that was a gloom over her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sedentary thoughts that were constricte\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d to monitor the eye movements
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and actions of the students and to be the perfect guard of these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 prisoners that had been assigned to her. She looked at the girl test
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 takers.  Unlike Porn, whose focus was business, they were disrespectful
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whores whose intere\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 st was only in sucking up the pheromone fumes,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 having babies, and raising them to fulfill their need for stability and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 permanence.  To have a role in the world (that of being a mother) would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 override the love needs of the contributor of the sperm, and they\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cling to motherhood as salamanders in the rain.  That  "salamander in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the rain" idea had been one of her husband's more clever thoughts that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he attributed to the lack of creativity he saw around him.  He was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clever and she had liked him so much for \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 so many years. She hadn't been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in love with him until his departure.  If she had been like all other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 women she would have succumbed to these feelings and thoughts that she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 needed her man terribly. Their overwhelming power tried to destroy her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 resolve and o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nly the idea that these feelings were illusions was she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 able to maintain her integrity. The feelings were unadulterated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 neediness because of his adultery-the jealous biological programming of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a woman. This feeling of love, this motif of women and pop cultu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 re,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vexed her.  It was annulling her marital contract that had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 engendered out of friendship of two people who were complete unto
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 themselves.  Well, he wasn't so complete.  He did whine.  That was for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sure.  There was a boy that came out from time to t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ime needing a mommy.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  It had been nauseating to tolerate to say the least; but she had done
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 so under the firm belief that most men were worse than he was on this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 point. And for her, there were female vulnerabilities but earlier she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had been prudent enough \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to get herself sterilized and minimized her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sexual activity.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       Before she came into the classroom she had encountered a couple
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of her colleagues laughing shyly.  In the couple seconds that she drew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 near them before passing they were tacit in the shamef\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aced ways of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thais. She knew that many of them gossiped about her who was the wife
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of a man celebrated for his adulterous debauchery.  She could have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their holy martyr as the object of sympathy and the icon of women's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 suffering but her frank endorseme\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nt of her husband's activities to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 newspaper reporters had made her the subject of ridicule.  A man would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be totally lost if he didn't have his extramarital affairs, she said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He would have no knowing of the nothingness of his misadventures unless
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he were t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o experience minutes of despair after the orgasm was complete.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  This is what she told the reporters on a few occasions-each time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 expanding on her ideas and making them more colorful than at previous
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 times.  She was proud of creating the Noppawan doctrine a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nd she knew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that because of it the university wanted to get rid of her.  In ways
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she was proud of being sneered at but it was uncomfortably lonely. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 imagined the thoughts of these two instructors who passed her, "Craggy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thing, no man would mount you. It\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  is no wonder that you're forlorn for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the whores." No, they'd never even say anything like that even to each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other. They wouldn't even consciously think it. Thais were too polite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and too deferential to even the despised for that: instead there was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that sha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mefaced laugh and that reciprocal glance.   Then, as she was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 walking to Building P with the tests that she had picked up from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 administration office, a boy and a girl were in front of her.  This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pair, holding hands, were taking up the whole sidewalk and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  blocking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 everyone from passing in their slow movements.  The girl had books on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her head that she was trying to balance.  The boy watched her lovingly.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  She wanted to smack them-these dummies who were dopamine gluttons.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Everywhere she went it was young cou\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ples in love.  She wanted to get
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out the biggest can of Raid and perform a major insecticide/genocide
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that would give Miloshevik a companion in the Hague; but being a humane
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 individual such hideous thoughts could only instigate a wry smile or an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 occasional\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  chuckle.  When she saw such couples everywhere it made her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 feel an antithesis of things: like an uncomfortable young girl
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 experiencing the wetness of blood being absorbed into her tampons for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the first time and as of a 26 year old tripping around in her d\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ays with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an old woman inside of her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      This subject she was proctoring was business law, a subject so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 unrelated to her field.  She unfastened a sheet of paper that was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 posted on the window and looked at this list of student names. She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 matched their iden\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tification cards to the list of names and got each of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their signatures. Weird ideas took over her brain as she looked into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their faces one by one and at their photographs on their student
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 identification cards.  "Surawit ,without glasses you would be as ugl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as with them; Wilawan, that bun of a pony tail is one thing that has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 just got to go; Sira, you have nice swarthy skin so fuckable but that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nose is like it came from the days when wild boars used to roam the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 whole planet-totally obscene and pugnacious; Ka\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 noknant, really are you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the same girl in this picture I.D?  How strange! It looks like your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 older sister and you look like you'd be one of the proud little girls
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who possess one of these book bags near the white board with little stuffed animals dangling f\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rom them-oh, god, I bet your parents hold
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 their heads in chagrin after giving birth to you;  Pornpitcha, ya'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 frizzed orange hair is of a disco queen; Wiliwan playing beauty shop
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with your pony tail-better on yourself than on other girls since that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is the u\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sual preoccupation in classes; Pawisar, wouldn't that fat face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be less obtrusive if your hair was put in a pony tail-well, maybe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not...maybe it would be worse but still that hair is dangling into your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 face distracting you from taking the test and more impo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rtantly looking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 downright uncouth and stringy; Ekkachai, you certainly have a long
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tie-I wonder how big your penis gets."  Those thoughts droned on and on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the same pattern of crude novelty.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                           Chapter 14
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2     Restless in the dewy grass of the hard ground, he was asleep.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His dreams registered what, numb, he hadn't comprehended so well the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 previous evening. His brain rehashed those images surreal and slow:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Vanont slipping them a thousand baht; the decision on\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the sidewalk to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 go to the whores; Kumpee saying that he, Jatupon, was a ladyboy and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 couldn't go with them as if he had wanted to go with them (He might
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have wanted to go but not with them and not with that thousand baht);
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his numb malevolent smile at thei\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r laughter; being handed some loose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 change to go home with; and then getting on a bus randomly, handing the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ticket tearer ten baht and pretending to be mute and dumb when asked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his destination since there was none.  He hadn't even said goodbye to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his broth\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ers and all of those years together.  He just contemptuously
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smiled at their contempt and disappeared. One day he would be in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 America.  In time, he told himself, in time.  Being the cockroach had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 passed in time. He had lived in the world as that of an inse\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ct all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 those years. These family members didn't even have to ferret out his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 miserable little existence to stomp on him daily.  It hadn't been much
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of a sport just to see him scurry around in the same space within his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pain and yet it had been their main pre\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 occupation.  Bad as it was, it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had passed without the necessity to kill himself. He just said to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself that it would pass and it had.  He was no ladyboy. Maybe his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 serious intensity made his limbs rigid and his movements circumspect
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and gauche. Maybe it \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was strange that he rarely walked with his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brothers but instead walked behind them.  Undoubtedly he had been the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sexual recipient. Still that didn't make him into a ladyboy nor did it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 make him gay. He was liberated.  He was a changing creation.  Past
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 actio\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ns did not have to define him. The word, ladyboy, for once did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hurt him deeply since he was undergoing the metamorphosis of manhood.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Manhood was indefinable since it could be anything one slipped off and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 slipped on at will during times that were critic\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 al junctures, as he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 knew this was.  If he were to go back to Kazem or scurry over to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 senator so begrudging innate inclinations to help him, he would be a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 man but a dependent one with childish yearnings to be shaped by others.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He told himself he would \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smell like the fetid one, he would let the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sagging elasticity completely peel off his underwear embarrassingly,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and he would eat stray cats in the park but he would not sacrifice his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 newly discovered integrity for the sake of comfort.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      In the early lig\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ht of morning he woke up with maximum
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 determination despite the lack of solid sleep and seeing that his new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 home was on the outskirts of a park.  It was a grassy fringe that went
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 behind the wall and gate that enclosed the actual park.  The sprinkling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of ra\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in was falling onto him and he could smell the stink of his damp
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shirt as if the metamorphosis to manhood had made him into the fetid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one.  Behind the wall he heard the squeaking chains of empty swings
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being moved slowly in the wind.  Cars that infrequentl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y passed the park
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were unreal and eerie as descending ghosts. No sooner had he awakened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 than a middle-aged woman in a red jacket rode up beside him on her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bicycle.  "Fortune teller?" she asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No," said Jatupon.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Don't you want your fortune rea\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No," he said. He knew he didn't have one.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I teach English too."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No," said Jatupon.  "I don't have anything for you."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Here.  Give this to someone who needs it."  She gave him a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 business card that was nothing but a sliver of paper\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  with a computer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 printed, reduced, and photocopied message of Thai on one side and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 English on the other. In her palm she had a whole stack of these tiny
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 square bits of paper.  As she rode away he read the English.  "Nattanat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 near Lumpini Park.  (13:00-21:0\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 0) Office 3761/296 soi Yudee 9 Chan
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Road Tambon Bangko, Kate Bangkolaem, BKK 10120 Thailand.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Tel.02-673-1436  Time call 04.00 AM or after 10.00 PM  Fortune Teller:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I give you many gifts  I am teacher English teacher/ Thai language
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Ride big bicycle." She wa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s one of the lucky ones.  Occasionally she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 probably was able to find a foreigner who wanted to learn Thai and each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 day she was able to give some fortunes that allowed her to have her own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 little room and a telephone.  Thin as she was, she was able to live
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ven if, in part, she had to seek clients in the beggars themselves. He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 waited around for the park to open.  Slipping into numbness with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nothing industrious to do, his integrity was shaken. He didn't want to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be here.  He could still go back to Kazem, he tol\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d himself.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Kazem had always been "kind" in the respect that he had domineered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 over him and protected him from harm except for times when he harmed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him; and this interestingly contradictory reality was what made their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 relationship more sexy and beguili\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng the way a similar one might
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beguile a battered woman in love to have more sex and children despite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her wish to leave him.  Sex (heterosexual or homosexual, conventional
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or incestuous) was a passion of frenzy based on pleasure bonding and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 emotional depen\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dency, an inordinate amount of semen and sperm needing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to be ejaculated especially after a few days of sexual abstinence, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 force and self-consumption in a hunger to defy aloneness in rhythmic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 banging and basic hedonism.  Kazem was strong and being a for\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ce that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could reckon with the world physically, he engendered in others an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 instinct rife in interpreting powerful figures such as him as a prime
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 breeding experience.  A kind individual could never elicit the same
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 response.  For Jatupon a muscular presence \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that could harm him oozed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not only a pheromone but triggered in him a yearning to breed with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 prime specimen who asserted his will. If he had been a woman a baby of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this kind might well be created.  It would be a baby who would become a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 man well equipped \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to survive and be sexy enough to perpetuate another
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 generation of this kind and deep in the psyche of every human was that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wish to breed with the best physical specimens.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      This being "in love" was an addictive rush and despite his mental
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 convictions, h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is body craved for the beloved.  Still one night had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 totally passed without him and there would be others.  The time on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ground had been uncomfortable but he knew he could be inured to it.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 could numb himself to survive and it wouldn't be all that ba\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d. This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wound Kazem had given him was a blackening of perspective as well as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the eye.  It was the only gift he had really given him: the gift of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 maturity.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He did not know what he was to do with the day.  Was he to spend
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the last of his baht on bags of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  breadcrumbs that, like an old man, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was to spread out for his friends, the pigeons?  He paid a couple baht
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at a public bathroom.  After relieving himself, he took a partial bath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 by cleaning part of his upper body in a sink.  Then he went into a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 booth th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at had a faucet, which leaked water into an Asian style toilet.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Through effort he was able to catch some of the water before it went
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into this urinal that was embedded into the floor. He was able to wash
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 off a bit of his lower extremities by these sprinkle\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s.  He didn't want
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to splash too much water or he might be fined or arrested.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Numb and wary how to proceed with the hours of the days, he did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not know what to do with himself or how others in his predicament
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wrestled with their time.  Was he supposed \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to meander along with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nothing to guide his walking?  Was he supposed to follow behind those
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 who seemed like herds and those who seemed like flocks?  If so, he told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself, it should be with those who were homeless. By following them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he could learn how hom\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eless people survived best and fulfill, at least
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in a minuscule way, one's innate need for society.  He felt loose and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 disconcerted.  His thoughts insurrected him and it felt as if they were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 towing away bits of his brain.  The post office would open in a f\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ew
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hours.  He could make the long sojourn to his mailbox and see if he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a letter from Noppawan Piggy but public transportation cost money so he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 just needed to comfort himself with the ideas that she had presented to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him.  She often said that everyone fr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 om ambassadors to beggars sewed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 such petty lives for themselves. At least he thought those were her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 exact words. She said something to that effect.  Each time that he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tried to remember exactly what she had written to him, and what she had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 spoken from the b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oat, it became different.  It was distorted by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 impermanent neurological circuitry of the brain (so little did one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 possess himself). The world was godless, love was a selfish realm, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from what he knew of friendship, it was with people who used each o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ther
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to grow for a certain time or share similar attitudes in the hope of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not feeling alone when going through certain stages of life.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wondered if even his friendship with Noppawan was evanescent as a whiff
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of clouds.  Why should she write to him, he t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hought to himself.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      If there hadn't been a bit of a thrill in becoming independent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and killing off past associations with family, he told himself, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would commit suicide.  He couldn't really see much point in survival
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anyhow with the inevitability of \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 death biting at one's heels.  It was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 good to kill off past family associations.  His aunt, he thought, had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 invited a boy of his realm into her domain only to find that he had too
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 many needs and wasn't worth the trouble-the dog that needed to be sent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 back t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o the pet store.  He resented her and was pleased with his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 independent stance at severing family from his mind.  He tried to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 forget the comfort of sleeping in his cell and never having to worry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about having money for meals and public toilets.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He slept\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  intermittently on park benches throughout the day.  To
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 avoid hunger and thirst he took a cup he found in the trash and begged
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 \hich\f2 outside the park.  He watched a blind old woman with a wooden attach\'e9
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 case of lottery tickets, a jasmine rosary salesman with mer\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chandise
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 looped around his arms like long bracelets who went from car to car, a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 woman at a table stringing them for her own sales (even the mendicants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had to compete with each other to gain a mere sustenance), sidewalk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seamstresses with their antique foot \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pumped sewing machines, and a man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with a bicycle-pulled ice-cream cart who stood there scooping out a dip
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for someone.   A sock salesman at his table sat on a stool with his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hand poised under his chin when the rest of his life was faltering.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They did have \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 such petty lives.  They, no different than the rich,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 consumed food and expended their kinetic energy and liquids in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bedroom in this perennial trap that human instinct and physiognomy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 concocted.  He put on his sunglasses to blind himself from the motion
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 around him and time became stagnant as a traffic jam he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 witnessing-the people finally oozing out of trapped busses and around
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 halted vehicles like leaking oil.  The hours passed somehow and again
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the park closed and he slept on its fringes with many o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The next morning taught him that breakfast could be waived if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 begging from the previous evening had not gotten him the twenty baht
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 required for a meal but he needed to always keep some coins in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pockets so that he could go into a public bath\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 room. Around 2:00
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sidewalk restaurant workers tended to need their own respite from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 drudgery and a barter arrangement of a meal for an hour's work could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sustain him and keep him from having to buy food. As non-preferable as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it was, the police did not badge\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r one if he washed away his rotting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 layers of stinking skin in the polluted canals or the Chao Phraya River
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 so long as he entered and exited with his underwear on.  The waters did
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 give him a skin rash, after a few days of bathing in this manner, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tch around his thighs was bearable.  Lucrative ventures came
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 every now and then when men wanted him.  He, at such times, was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sufficiently numb and insouciant in manhood and he would go there and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 serve them safely without letting the whining child within hi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 m clamor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out.  He performed, was paid, and left never combining emotions with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 such a physical act.  These men would not be his deliverance.  He had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to force that idea into his head and fight off his wish for a savior.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Within a month and a little bit\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  of persistency against refusals,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the metropolitan authorities scheduled him for an interview as a money
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 taker on a city bus.  He was scheduled with a score of others despite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his age.  He might not have gotten any job at all let alone a better
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one than wha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t he was applying for had English not rescued him.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 needed someone knowledgeable of English in the information booth in an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 air-conditioned cubicle at a skytrain station.  He would not be wearing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the grungy blue suits of the money takers but white ones\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  that looked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like a captain. The thought of it filled him with pride.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      They gave him an advance so that he could buy this clothing, rent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out a cheap room, and not fast when it came to purchasing his lunches.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They didn't give him a day off but outside o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f making change for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 customers that needed to be done quickly, the work was easy.  It just
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 required a familiarity with major landmarks around each of the stops
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and that he be able to direct foreigners where they needed to go.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 National holidays (when he \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 got them) were spent in the vicarious
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 borrowing of a personal life from a movie at a theatre.  He didn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 really know his coworkers.  Since it was his first job, and a new one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at that, he kept quiet and focused on his work.  He looked gauche and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 foolish and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  he worked around them trying not to get into much contact.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They gossiped about others whom he didn't know (perhaps himself as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 well) and repeatedly asked how he knew English so well.  Their tones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 always became more caustic in addressing him; and when it ca\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 justifying his knowledge of English he would always vary his answers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fictitiously so as not to feel that he was buried in a rubble of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 monotony.   His introverted awkwardness was at variance with their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 complacent self-assured movements, and he withdre\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 w into a world of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shadows surreal as being sucked up into random scenes of a silent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 picture show. He was friendless and alone.  Outside of Noppawan, he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 couldn't even imagine anyone who really cared about him a little; but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he did not have time to go to his \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 post office box and he feared that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she was lost to him forever.  A solitary person usually needed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 invent a commiserating individual out there even if that person did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 really care; but he did not know anyone with whom to fool himself and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he saw that d\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 espite the Noppawan Doctrine against pettiness, he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 securing a petty life for himself like everyone else and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 exhilaration from his independence was waning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      As Vanont slipped 40 baht through the hole of the window, Jatupon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 changed it, attempting\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  to keep his eyes steady in a marginally sunken
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 poise of professionalism without any special recognition of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 customer wanting the change.  The old man smiled at him warmly.  "Where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have you been, my boy?" he asked.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Nawin Biadklang: it was a label\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 , just a simple and different group
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of words in which an entire metamorphosis took place.  He was new and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 glorious and the lost and forlorn being that was Jatupon had fallen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 from him effortlessly like the stink of scathing skin that he had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 showered away in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the morning.  Nawin Biadklang stood near the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Hualampong train station, watching the mosaic of light and shadow at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his feet like a child fully in the splendor of the present moment.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was drinking milk at a newsstand and thinking about his recent meeting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with Piggy in the Siriaj Hospital Museum.  He had asked her to go with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him to Wonder World Amusement Park but she wanted the silence away from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the meaningless of action. He turned to the headlines of the Bangkok
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Post glancing at the cacophony of human rel\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ations.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He read that a very passive anti-war demonstration had occurred in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Pattaya.  10,000 Thai Moslems had prayed for peace.  Well, he thought,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it was certainly gentler than placards and banners outside the American
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Embassy in Bangkok, equating Bush\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  as Satan; however it was probably
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 less effective.  Was the God who allowed thousands of people to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 incinerated in fire and melting steel caring especially about the fate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the Afghans from a meditation and a chant?  He thought that it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 no wonder peo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ple tried to shut out larger issues than themselves and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seek comfort in the personal domain of their petty lives.  He turned
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 away from the newspaper. Four filthy boys came to him forcefully.  They
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanted milk from his grocery bag.  They wanted the same as \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 drinking while reading the horror of the daily news.  He gave part of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what he had but he didn't want to give out the rest.  He was already
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 becoming coarse in his luck and he knew that he was guilty for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 providing them with a nominal gratuity and\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  shooing them away.  He went
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inside the building, looked for more food and magazines to take with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him on his trip, and then entered the train.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      When the train began to move he went into a corridor connecting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 two cars and rinsed his face in the sink.  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He looked into the mirror.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Even his reflection seemed different.  His eyebrows seemed more bristly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and masculine.  He wasn't Jatuporn any longer.  A good son must join
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the monastery for a while to fulfill his mother's wish to see her son
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 take on such holy \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 head-shaven rites.  A good son must fund the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 livelihood of his middle-aged parents who wanted to be free from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hardship of work. A good son must renovate and extend the house of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 elderly parents. A scenario of filial loyalty to serve the parents' }{\cf6 
\par }{\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shes abounded in Thais' simplistic notions of "good" behavior but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tragedy had freed him from it.  Then abuse disabused him of fraternal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 loyalties.  Now he would be educated and find new compounds in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sunrises and sunsets.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2       A train officer asked him\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  to get his luggage out of the way of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the aisle. Jatupon put his suitcase onto the ceiling rack and sat down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 watching the scenery go by-watching Bangkok zip past him and become the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vanishing point from which something different would emerge from his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 experi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ences at Chaing Mai International School.  He pulled the postcard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out of his pocket.  He read the words again and again, "I got them to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 allow me to come to Chaing Mai.  I'll transfer there.  See you in a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 week."  He smiled, slapped the postcard against his \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lower lip, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 watched the departure from Bangkok where the scenery became
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 increasingly green.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      When he came home he opened the door onto plentiful space.  His
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 body became stiff and cold. He needed to give directives to his legs in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 order to move. The\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  movements of his splayed legs when he walked were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like parting ice cycles even though the furnace was operating and it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was warm inside his apartment. Nearly everything movable by two hands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was gone, as well as most that would have required an additional m\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 over.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Only the heaviest things remained although clavicles of hangers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dangled from the bedroom closet and pots and pans were loyal and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 steadfast.  The sofa remained.  It had been difficult to get in.  It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was no wonder that it hadn't been budged.  His sock\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s and underwear had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been knocked out of the dresser before it was taken. He sighed.  His
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 canvases were gone and from them his new leitmotif that was maturing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beyond Patpong whores in Bangkok to something more thoughtful and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 original. True, most of those ca\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nvases had been of her so she must have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thought that she was entitled to them as well. She was the model and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 more who was seeking justice, he told himself, and justice was equity.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He hadn't paid her so she was seeking compensation.  All relationships
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a contract. All contracts were based upon the two parties gaining
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 some entitlement from the agreement. Was there nothing better than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 this, he asked himself.  There wasn't.  He had thought that he was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 helping her, that he was enlightening her, and that he w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as involved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with her. A tear rolled down his cheek.  She thought that she was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 entitled to the canvasses too, he repeatedly thought.  She thought she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 was entitled to it all.  Then, for a second, his attitude changed about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the stolen paintings and he was gla\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d that, at least, she had cared
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 enough to take them. Then he knew that she would shake sentiment from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 them no different than tossing out the contents of his clothing from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the dresser. She would sell even those portraits of herself wherever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she could.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He backed against an empty wall and slid down it squatting like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dog ready to defecate. Then he pulled into himself in a fetal position.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He was Jatupon in his puddle of blood yearning for the love of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 violator.  If love was mixing oneself into someone \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like vodka and cola,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he loved her.  If it was a child crying over the loss of his favorite
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 toy, he was feeling that.  Should a Thai newspaper reporter get a look
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at him now, he thought, the nonchalant seducer of the souls of Patpong
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 girls would seem to him\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  as a fraud.  The reporter would be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 disillusioned that this young man championed for his bit of hedonism
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had been an illusion.  His head throbbed.  He needed love from anyone,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sex with a stranger, anything that would stop the pain in his head.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With difficu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lty he slowly removed his winter coat and gloves with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 awkwardness of a child.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Love, glue, or cocaine-it was all the same.  It was all molecules
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of smell and taste.  It was a vertiginous freedom and insobriety of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 action exempt of logic.  It was the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  personal adventure in a world of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 impersonal actions.  It was admiring certain characteristics that were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lacking in oneself and it sometimes contained some degree of friendship
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and caring or wanting to be cared about.  Maybe it was a vulnerability
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of a hum\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an's weaker domain that wanted to merge with another being to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seem to himself as if he were less petty than what he really was or to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 record himself permanently in the thoughts of another being.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      It was all gone including those canvasses on French Quebe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 c
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mannequins.  His evolution as an artist had been stunted.  He wanted to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cry but beyond that one tear there was nothing.  All he could do was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moan and pick up the telephone.  He needed a connection.  He needed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Noppawan.  Her sister answered.  "Nawin," she\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  said nervously,  "she
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 moved.  She got a different teaching position.  She wanted a change.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She doesn't want to see you-I'm not really sure why and I don't think
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 she means it permanently.  Well, I do understand why. She's moving on.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I don't think that she \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sees it as much of a marriage. Surely you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 understand that point. I like you but-"  He clicked off the telephone.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He couldn't help himself.  The void was sucking him into its black
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hole.  He wanted to lie on his bed.  He was thankful to still have one.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  He \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wanted Kazem to materialize and to copulate with him on that bed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He remembered then, long ago, having his thoughts in a black hole and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doubting if Kazem's love was real, seeing the abstraction of love in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 colors and design like cubism, and how hungry he wa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s in love with Kazem
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 especially when doubting that love.  Nothing had changed.  He loved
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Porn and Piggy each in their own way as desperate as a clinging
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 salamander in the rain.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He called Thai information.  He asked the operator to search for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Suthep, t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he youngest and the one closest to his sympathies. At least he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 used to be. Then he had her search for Kazem and even Kumpee.   None of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the three had phone connections in their names.  His aunt, if she were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 still living, would be married to someone else.  H\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ow would he be able
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to find her again in this vast and mutable cosmos?  He wouldn't.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 operator gave him the number of Amorn Tuwayanonde.  Maybe it was the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 same one whom he had sometimes begged and played with as a boy-maybe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the same one who had grabbed\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  his shoe instead of the ankle causing his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dangling body to fall from the window and into the warehouse triggering
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 off the burglar alarm.  He dialed the number.  A man answered.  Nawin
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 did not know what to say so he hung up the telephone.  The one he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 reall\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y wanted to connect with was his uncle and he was dead.  And yet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they hadn't really had a relationship.  It was strange that the man had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 paid for all of his tuition and stay at the international school, all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 undergraduate and graduate expenses, and yet had \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 remained a stranger.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He had been the man's son, in a way, and outside a couple times of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 staying at his home, during Songkran, he had not known him.  When he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 died he did not inherit anything.  He didn't even want or expect
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anything.  He was grateful for the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  educational transformation that had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been bestowed unto him.  What happened to the man's money was anyone's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 guess.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      If only he could commune with him somehow to again thank him it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 would solidify a meaningful connection in his barren heart.  The cards
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ongratulating him on his first art exhibition at the art museum at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Silpakorn University and later, the temporary exhibit at the National
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Gallery showed that he must have cared about him. He must have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 proud of him.  "Congratulations on the showing."  T\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hat was all they had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 said.  Nawin guessed that the man had read about him in the newspapers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and knew of the exhibits that way. It was all strange.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      On his knees he scurried through his socks while discarding his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 underwear in a pile.  Most of those sock\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s that she had littered on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 floor were folded into each other as mates, but not all.  He felt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inside each sock and when he couldn't find anything he would throw it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into that pile like a dead fish.  Within the toes of one pair he pulled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out four plastic \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bags of cocaine.  It was his stash for periods of loss
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and he monitored what he took according to the dictates of his third of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a teaspoon rule for self-rations.  The Nawin rule stated that once
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 every three months if an emergency arose requiring exhilaratio\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thrust away from the void, then he might administer the prescription.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Such was his doctoral degree of addiction and from this philosophical
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 islet inundations from void and addiction could not take him away.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sat on the unmovable sofa and snorted th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e cocaine from one of its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wooden armrests.  He could feel it like a Thai massage over his entire
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 body and the insouciance it brought to his thoughts.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He put on his winter coat and gloves and got in a taxi.  He told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the taxi driver to take him to a go-\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 go bar called "Foxy's."  He had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 been there several times before.  He watched women twisting their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bodies around poles as if each movement of being a woman was centered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on waxing the shiny phallus.  Tissue paper probably enlarged their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bosoms but he didn't \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 care.  He would eat the juicy fruit and its
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wrappings no different than any nigger his melon.  He wanted to relieve
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself in one or more of them.  Lost, he wanted to be lead by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hallucinations of his mind.  When one who was on break said her hellos
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d sat down on his lap, he put his paws on all parts of her body.  She
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 told him that he was a "naughty boy" and asked him where he was from.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He told her.  She said that she liked Asian men since they were so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 small.  He told her that he wasn't small.  "I've \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seen them before.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They are itsy bitsy small." She used her fingers as a measurement.  It
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wasn't what he cared to hear and although he wanted to pierce her with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his lengthy sword, he left in disgust.  He walked further down the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 street to a male go-go bar th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at he had never been in before although
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his wistful eyes had scanned it numerous times in the past month.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      When he entered young men from their angles of the platform were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pulling on their genitalia within dark frothy briefs of an opaque
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 translucency t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hat made the movements of their genitalia obvious.  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 watched and waited not understanding why it was erotic.  He watched and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 waited for the midnight all-legal fuck show.  He was tempted to take
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 these sly masturbators by force until what little was ration\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 al in his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 brain contrived a belief that he was shackled against the wall waiting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to be attacked by them.  That portion of the brain said to him, "Even
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 if you were to get out of your shackles and fetters it would be bad
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 manners to attack these men before th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ey come to attack you."  He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 watched their contortionist-twisting and the surreal images on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 stage became more like flames and smoke.  The why-the reason that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 movements were erotic--eluded him.  The why-the reason-that flames and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 smoke plumes made th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ese adonises erotic in a spinning room of gnarling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 metallic walls was a mystery.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      He wasn't sure if it was a dismembered part of a woman, a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 transvestite, or something amorphous and alien, but lips in the sky
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 spoke to him.  "Do you want to take one home\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 , honey?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I want all of them," he said.  She laughed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you have that much money?" she asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Maybe for one," he said.  "I need one to fuck me and my
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 girlfriend throughout the night."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "That will be double the price, but well worth i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t.  We'll see to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that.  Satisfaction guaranteed. What's your girlfriend's name, honey?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 asked the lips.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Foxy's," he said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Foxy's, like the girl go-go bar across the street?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't know her name," he told the lips.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You don't know y\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 our girlfriend's name?" guffawed the lips.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I never checked the birth certificate."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Never checked the birth certificate! What a crazy mother fucker
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you are!"  The lips laughed hysterically.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you have paint and canvases?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do I have \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 what?"
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I need paint.  I'll paint the fuck show on the walls.  I'm a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 famous artist in Thailand.  Don't you know?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "No, is that so?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I have to draw when the fuck show begins."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The lips laughed hysterically.  She coughed from choking on\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 own saliva.  "Wanting to pay in paint?" she asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Wanting to paint a fuck show," he said. He looked through her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mouth. He could see down her throat into her entrails.  Her brain was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 where her stomach should have been.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Where to?" asked th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e taxi driver.  The voice again seemed like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 one he could vaguely recall.  A boy who had been on top in the fuck
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 show (a boy 18 or 19 who was a snowman with a bit of a French
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 complexion) was seated next to him.  He remembered paying top Canadian
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dollars for\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  this boy.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Just keep going."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "You said that 15 minutes ago but I need a destination."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Foxy's" he said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "We passed that long ago. It was right across the street from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 where you were at," said the taxi driver through his gray balding sca\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lp.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Okay, just take us out of the city.  Someplace rural."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Okay, I'm now turning on a highway going north."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Do you still want me with your girlfriend?" asked the boy.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I was going to pair you up with a girl: voyeurism.  I've had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 seco\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nd thoughts."  He kissed the boy on his lips.  He wanted to drain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 him of all liquids including his breath.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The boy pulled back his face to come up for breath.  "Where are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 we going?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't know, really.  Maybe we should go to a hotel.  I guess
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 we can't do it in the backseat here, off of a road somewhere."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yeah, the back seat of a taxi thing wouldn't be too comfortable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for anyone."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yeah, okay."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "There's a sign pointing out a Best Western," he told Nawin.  "Can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you take us to that\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  hotel?" the boy asked the taxi driver.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Excuse me.  Is that the decision?  Best Western?" asked the taxi
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 driver.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Yes," said Nawin.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Turning to Nawin he interjected, "You aren't a psycho, cannibal,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or anything, are you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I'm a vegetari\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an," said Nawin.  He chuckled.  "Don't worry.  I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 won't cut you up into pieces.  I'm harmless, and I hope the same is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 true of you."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Sure, most of the time," said the boy as he yawned.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Jatupon, don't be shocked!  Look at me in the rear view mirro\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Face your fears," said the taxi driver.  Jatupon looked up.  He was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 startled but he wasn't horrified.  He saw that the mosquito was in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 old man's form.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I made a merger," said the mosquito.  "I bought out the stock of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his blood.  With controllin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g stock I am the head of the company.  I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 control all movements."  He laughed.  "How do I look?"}{\cf6 
\par }{\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Nawin did not know what to say.  "My God, I haven't seen you in 12
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 years, my boy.  You've grown up.  You have money and nice clothes.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who'd ever think we'd\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  meet again and in Montreal of all places."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Nawin laughed bitterly  "Don't use that word, Jatupon, with me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Okay?  I hate that word. You didn't need to emerge.  My lessens about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 life are all my own, now."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Can you face life without clinging to an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ything?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It is the way of the Buddha"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "But is it your way?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Sure, why not?  If I choose so I can do anything.  If I choose, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 can swat you out of existence."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "The only friend you've ever had?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Sure, why not?  Just like with a gn\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at." He slapped him on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 head and the mosquito seemed to shrink.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Please don't.  Who will drive you then if you get rid of me? You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 killed my ancestors in your buckets of laundry soap and slapped them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 into your palms like a sport. I think that is eno\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ugh."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I can get into another cab if I choose. I can stop the coke if I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 choose.  I don't need women or anybody least of all you.  But you know,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you aren't so bad.  You certainly aren't scary any longer.  Maybe I'll
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 let you stay."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Gee, thanks."  \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The mosquito paused for a moment.  "Why do you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have this go-go boy in here?  Who is this boy? " he asked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Someone I'm ready to fuck"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I gathered that; and that the tenor of the conversation had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 turned against back seat liaisons. I'm just puzzled\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  by these changeable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sexual patterns, Jatupon.  Something's not right in your head."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Listen!  Don't use that name with me or I'll take you by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fucking neck and smash your face against the windshield"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Okay, Nawin, calm down."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "For that m\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 atter, I could roll down the window and let you fly out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and drive myself.  I have an international driver's license.  Nawin is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a big boy, now, Mosquito."  He guffawed at the pest and slapped him on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the head.   The mosquito/man hissed and stuck out its fang\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s.  "You
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 watch yourself.  You are in forces over your head.  You're not even in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 control of yourself.  Why did you get married?  Why did you bring Porn
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 here?  Why am I and this boy with you now?  What forces drive you?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Hunger."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Porn?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Hun\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ger."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Noppawan?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Union."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Hunger again.  Hunger for stability."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Okay, hunger again.  Women are a turn on"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Are they?  And here you are with a boy, Jatupon."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "The name's Nawin," he shouted.  Then he calmed down and laughed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t himself.  "Yeah, it's Jatupon; and you're right, here I am with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 boy."  He laughed again.  "Variety is the spice of life. That is an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 American aphorism, Mosquito; and Nawin here is a full blooded American
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 born in the states."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "I don't see a Best Wes\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tern.  How far out on this road do you want
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to go?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Nawin looked at the boy next to him who had fallen asleep.  "He
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 looks like a child-a hurt child trying in sleep to just figure out how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to make sense out of his situation, survive and not sell himself\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 too fully.  I should be saving kids like this-even in Canada kids can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 be trashed."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Will you save him before or after you fuck him?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Maybe I ought to just go home.  This guy on top or bottom isn't
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 going to stop me from hurting or from being\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  hungry. It just propels me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 quicker to the next hunger."  He smiled.  "I think I can get a grip on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me completely.  I really do.  Having people plug up my pain is the glue
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that I disgorge into my nostrils, the caulk and the repainting that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hides the broken \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 facade.  I don't want to be a wrinkled black
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thing like you and still picking up prostitutes.  Piggy had the right
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 idea.  I might as well start the habit sooner than later."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "She's left you.  She's gone now."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "It's okay. Maybe she needs some time\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  to grow away from being a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Biadklang.  Maybe she needs to get rid of my name completely.  I can be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 alone.  I need a relationship with myself anyhow.  Maybe I'll see her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 again and maybe not.  Anyhow, there's some Aristotle and Plato I want
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to read-a textboo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 k on tenebrism I need to get through for my Caravaggio
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 class. I'll have to begin my doctoral thesis shortly."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "Hollow ideas."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      "To the impetuousness of human feelings, hollow; but not to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mind. There the theory of forms is sensed as eternal.  T\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ake me home.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Drop this kid off wherever he wants first."
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 *** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK, CORPUS OF A SIAM MOSQUITO ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 *******This file should be named siamm10.txt or siamm10.zip *******
\par 
\par }}